After a short distance, the white rabbit suddenly lifted its head.

‘Huh?’

Thump, thump, thump!

The ground was trembling and rumbling in a slow, ponderous rhythm. The vibration reverberated through its entire body.

‘What is this?’

From above, a massive shadow loomed. It was as if a boulder was falling. Without a chance to evade, a heavy paw slammed down on the white rabbit.

Thud! Crack!

The bones and flesh were crushed as the white body was driven into the ground.

If it had been a normal animal, it would have been killed instantly. The white rabbit lost consciousness from the impact.

The one who had casually snatched the rabbit obstructing its path muttered,

[Hm? What’s this creature? I sense Naho’s aura from it.]



H.F.C Chapter 276 (Part 1):

The one who crushed the white rabbit was the gigantic white leopard, Elaga.

It rolled the unconscious rabbit back and forth with its front paws. It was certain.

[It’s unconscious. Or is it just pretending to be?]

“Naho, you say? But it’s dead, isn’t it?”

Helmut jumped down from its back and said.

[Yes, very dead for sure. But the corpse had to remain. I swallowed the core, but what do I do with that big body?]

Elaga sniffed the white rabbit.

[This one has the scent of Sarah. Did it already eat her?]

Grrrrr!

Elaga opened its mouth wide.

A roar infused with magic shook the surroundings, filled with fury.

Black energy burst forth from its body. Contrasting with its white fur, the black energy made Elaga look terrifying.

Even though Helmut raised his Vis to defend himself, his skin still tingled.

Helmut frowned.

‘This is unfair.’

Compared to Helmut, who had trained to death to become strong, Elaga had done nothing yet was much stronger.

If becoming stronger was a matter of luck, then Elaga must have been born with extraordinary fortune.

“If you’re going to attack, at least give me a warning.”

[Aren’t you bothered that Sarah is dead? She was your disciple. How heartless of you as a human.]

“She doesn’t seem dead.”

Helmut gestured towards the front.

He could feel a small, familiar presence rushing towards them.

“Pomi!”

A name that shouldn’t exist in the Forest of Roots was shouted out.

Soon after, Sarah appeared.

Hearing the resounding roar, she had sensed something had happened to the white rabbit.

Sarah looked at the white rabbit lying at Elaga’s feet, expression horrified.

“Lord Elaga killed my friend!”

Elaga snorted.

[Who’s a friend? This annoying white rabbit?]

“Pomi is my friend! Get your foot off him!”

Sarah shook the white rabbit’s body as she burst into tears.

Elaga hastily made an excuse.

[No, I just felt an unpleasant presence… Hey, it’s not dead! It’s just unconscious, unconscious. Do you think a demonc beast dies that easily?]

“I don’t know! Elaga is violent!”

Sarah sighed in relief and shouted at Elaga. At times like this, she was clearly a child.

Elaga, who was witnessing Sarah’s defiance for the first time, was greatly flustered. But this was not the time to be criticized.

Elaga angrily retorted instead.

[Violence, my foot! Where the hell are you wandering around? I told you not to leave my territory!]

The timid Sarah raised her voice.

“But Elaga said you didn’t want to save those people! I just wanted to save them!”

“[And what do you think you’re going to save with that weak body of yours! Did this white rabbit tell you they were in the south? Is that why you followed it around like a fool! Do you even know what kind of creature this is!]”

“Pomi is kind and gentle!”

[Don’t give me that kind of nonsense. Naho is only kind when he has a dark scheme in his belly!]

“Naho?”

Sarah’s eyes widened.

She had heard the name Naho before, but she didn’t know why it was mentioned here.

[Well, if it were Naho, it wouldn’t be this weak. It’s probably just a trace of its consciousness lingering. Do you even realize how worried your mother must be about you?]

“M-Mother?”

Sarah became dejected.

Leaving without even telling Susan was an inexcusable mistake.

[Just because you learned a bit of swordsmanship, do you think you’re something? A little further and you’ll be surrounded by beings who couldn’t care less about your scent or anything!]

As Sarah’s spirit was dampened, Elaga’s nagging poured down on her.

With his gaze no longer on the rabbit reeking of Naho’s aura, Helmut stared in the other direction. That was the direction Sarah had come from.

‘There must be something over there.’

When standing next to the overwhelming energy of Elaga, one’s senses became numb to the surrounding energy.

But now, separated from it, Helmut focused his senses. Something had caught the attention of his keen perception, like a spider web.

A huge energy and the presence of multiple humans.

‘Humans?’

Helmut furrowed his brow.

Yes, although it was obscured by the immense energy, that alien presence was undoubtedly human, not just a beast.

There was nothing in the Forest of Roots more foreign to the atmosphere than humans.

They were approaching this way cautiously, having sensed Elaga’s presence.

The terrifying roar just now had caused the nearby beasts to flee en masse.

‘Humans, in the Forest of Roots.’

It had been a long time since this happened. Moreover, they had managed to survive entering the Forest of Roots, where they should have died immediately. But they came from the south, accompanied by a massive energy.

Helmut thought he knew who the owner of that energy was. He had encountered it before.

‘It’s been a while.’

While curious about the circumstances, Helmut’s attention was focused elsewhere.

His heart was pounding strangely. Tension permeated his entire body.

Is this an enemy? His instincts to sense an enemy have awakened.

‘No, this is…’



H.F.C Chapter 276 (Part 2):

At that moment, Sarah shouted.

“Ah, right! I saw that bird called Igrelle! The ruler of the south, wasn’t it?”

Elaga’s gaze shifted.

[So that bird over there is Igrelle, huh.]

A thudding sound came from the distance. Emerging from between the trees first was Igrelle, walking towards them like an enormous chick.

Despite its huge size, Igrelle’s footsteps were light and pattering, but the ground still trembled.

In the gloomy Forest of Roots, its shimmering feathers stood out.

Igrelle greeted them cautiously.

[Hello? It’s been a while, Elaga.]

Igrelle lightly tapped its beak as if to sound a warning.

The stance of the aerial predator meeting the land predator Elaga was filled with unease.

Elaga responded arrogantly.

[Yeah, you colorful-headed bird. Why are you walking on the ground? Is your wing broken?]

After Elaga had swallowed Naho’s core, their hierarchy was established. The rulers of the other regions instantly fell under Elaga.

Elaga’s personality was not particularly cruel or eager to grow stronger, so fortunately, even if it wished, it could have killed all the other regions’ rulers and absorbed their cores.

Elaga’s words stung Igrelle’s pride.

[Your uncouth manner of speaking hasn’t changed, Elaga. What’s the point of being stronger if your intellect doesn’t keep up?]

[Yeah, should I just pluck your feathers to greet you in a way that suits my level? What are you lurking around my territory for! Don’t tell me you were trying to eat Sarah?]

Elaga bared its teeth. It disliked other beasts.

Somehow, while being friendly towards humans, it was hostile to the few other sentient demonic beasts.

[I just came down to see that white rabbit! You better keep your human pet in check!]

Igrelle turned to look at Helmut.

[But more importantly, over there, aren’t you Helmut? I almost didn’t recognize you, all grown up. Your hair is still black, I see.]

Igrelle looked at Helmut with curious eyes.

The first human to leave and return to the Forest of Roots. His encounter with Igrelle was a particularly deep memory in the bird’s long life.

[Lately, there have been humans appearing in my territory. I brought them here.]

Despite being the one to bring them, Igrelle spoke shamelessly.

Sarah, realizing something, opened her mouth.

“Ah, yes. I met those people. They looked fine, and those people were…”

Searching for Helmut.

Sarah trailed off and glanced slyly at Igrelle. It tilted its head.

[I’m curious. I wonder if you’ll be glad to see them.]

Helmut’s gaze had been fixed on the distance for a while.

Gradually approaching from beyond the forest were the presences Igrelle had brought. Among them, one presence felt particularly vivid.

Helmut knew who that presence belonged to. He thought he knew.

Four years ago, someone he had been so close to, their breaths almost mingling.

It was hard to believe. Was such a thing possible? This was the Forest of Roots, a cursed land where no one was supposed to survive.

But soon, something entered his vision.

It was as if his sight was illuminated, a sliver of moonlight-like silver. Walking out in a white robe, her bearing was unwavering, graceful.

Her gaze, with its mystical violet hue like amethyst, was directed at him. Could there be two people in this world with such a appearance?

“It’s been a while.”

That clear voice seeping in softly. Unfamiliar yet familiar. But above all, she was…

Beautiful. Just as he remembered.

No, even more so. A mature feminine figure, a faint smile playing on her lips.

“Helmut.”

His empty interior was filled by that voice. His heart burned fiercely.

“Alea.”

Helmut finally uttered her name. As if just remembering. The dry words he threw out contained countless emotions.

The feelings he had forgotten over those four years suddenly came alive.

Helmut realized that he was indeed a human capable of feeling.

Had he missed her? Or had he not?

It seemed he had tried not to think of it. To protect himself after enduring the pain that had torn through his heart.

For fear that he might remember he had lost her and would never see her again.

For fear that he wouldn’t be able to endure it. After all, he couldn’t return.

Even if he could return, what if he had to face her turning away from him once more?

But what had he feared?

“Helmut.”

Alea called his name again.

Somehow, she had drawn closer to him. Just a few steps away.

Helmut’s black eyes trembled. His gaze, full of agitation, met hers.

Alea was different from the Alea of four years ago.

The moments when he had felt Alea to be special had faded, and his heart had grown cold. It was only natural for it to be so.

Perhaps she had even become his enemy. Humans change easily, they say.

But that hardened defensiveness crumbled within him.

Amidst the change, there was something unchanging.

‘You still…’

There was no need to confirm it with words.

He just knew.

Helmut reached out his hand. The warmth of her embrace filled his arms.

Or was it he who was burning?

His trembling hands held her tightly. Her arms, embracing him in return, felt soothing and kind.

They simply stood there. Vividly sensing each other’s existence.



H.F.C Chapter 277 (Part 1):

“This guy, it’s like we don’t even exist.”

Asuka, who had just appeared, grumbled with dissatisfaction.

Helmut, who was tightly embracing Alea, seemed completely oblivious to their presence.

Even though his friends had risked their lives to rescue him, their existence paled in comparison to his reunion with his girlfriend, Alea.

“Friendship and all that doesn’t matter in front of a girl.”

Sian sniffled as he looked at the scene with an emotional gaze.

“Why do I feel so moved? I think I might cry.”

“Disgusting.”

Asuka glared at Sian as if accusing him of being a ‘crybaby’.

Sian looked back and forth between Helmut and Alea with renewed curiosity.

“But Alea really was a girl, huh?. Why didn’t I realize? She looks like a girl when she’s next to Helmut.”

“Yeah, and that makes it even creepier. Did you ever imagine we’d see those two like this?”

Asuka added sarcastically.

To him, Alea was an entity that could never be considered a woman, almost like a third gender.

Sian nodded his head.

“It’s as shocking as talking birds or leopards.”

[What’s this, a tearful reunion or something?]

Igrelle muttered, its eyes gleaming.

Ever since meeting this human called Helmut, it’s been having one strange experience after another.

Seeing humans leave the Forest of Roots, then seeing other humans enter the Forest of Roots again to find the one who had returned.

‘How interesting. I’m glad I helped that guy back then.’

Igrelle nodded its head.

Elaga, who had been closely observing Helmut, frowned.

Although it had pressured Helmut to breed, now that Helmut was with his girlfriend, the feeling was quite unfamiliar. It was ticklish and strange…

[So that’s Helmut’s girlfriend? I can certainly see why she’d be hard to forget.]

Even as a leopard, Elaga had to admit that Alea was quite a sight. The absolute standards of beauty were similar between beasts and humans.

Sarah stared at them with wide eyes.

“So she was his girlfriend…”

She had thought of her as a pretty but cold and scary older sister.

Somehow, the way she had asked about Helmut felt strange, but it was a relief.

‘I’m really glad.’

The image of Helmut from four years ago, lying like a corpse with an empty gaze towards the sky, flashed before her eyes.

Though his body was intact, what remained were broken and shattered fragments.

Even as he taught Sarah swordsmanship, Helmut’s eyes were filled with deep emptiness.

All that emanated from that expression and gaze was a dry, barren feeling. As if he had lost his soul.

‘It felt like he had lost everything.’

Through him, Sarah understood the word despair in its literal sense.

But in this moment, Helmut seemed alive. As if hope had returned to him once again.

A bittersweet emotion washed over her like a wave.

She was witnessing a miracle. A miracle that had never occurred in the Forest of Roots before, one that no one expected to happen.

After a moment, Helmut released Alea and asked:

“How are you here?”

His dark eyes held an especially intense light.

“I’m a mage, remember? It took some time, but I found a way to cross the sacred barrier. Because I knew you’d be alive in here.”

And she had resolved to find him, no matter what.

Alea smiled and looked back.

Though they hadn’t done much since entering the Forest of Roots, having avoided danger thanks to meeting Igrelle right away, they were still comrades who had risked their lives to come this far together. She hadn’t forgotten their contribution.

“I’m not the only one who came here.”

Only then did Helmut turn his gaze to his friends. It was a delayed reaction that could be perceived as indifferent.

“Helmut, long time no see. Can you finally see us now?”

Asuka, waving his hand, had a completely different impression from when they had last met.

Four years ago, he was a delicate, pretty boy, but now he had grown into a tall, handsome young man.

Though not burly, he had a build and frame befitting the name of a swordsman. Only his sarcastic expression remained the same, but the difference from the past was clear, beyond simple growth.

Helmut evaluated that difference simply:

“You’ve grown twice as big.”

Asuka immediately flared up.

“What are you talking about? I wasn’t that small!”

Sian rubbed his nose and greeted calmly.

“I’m glad you’re alive, Helmut.”

Unlike Asuka, Sian had only matured a bit from his previous appearance.

Though not as much as Asuka, he had grown much taller and looked like a slender scholar.

Helmut paused for a moment to choose his words before speaking:

“You all seem to be doing well.”

Asuka grinned.

“Of course. How have you been living in this gloomy forest?”

“I grew up here.”

“Right, of course. Hey, you should greet him too!”

As Asuka gestured towards the back, she who had been hesitating walked forward.

Charlotte.

She looked stiff, as if not knowing what to do.

“Charlotte.”

Helmut’s expression disappeared.



H.F.C Chapter 277 (Part 2):

His face, usually close to emotionless, now carried a faint coldness.

Helmut did not express anger or condemnation. He simply stared at Charlotte silently.

He didn’t know how to treat her. She was a reminder of the nightmare that was four years ago.

“Senior Helmut, I’m glad you’re safe. I just…”

Charlotte spoke with difficulty.

“I wanted to return this to you.”

What she took out from her cloak and held out was a sword.

Helmut looked down at the sword she offered.

Darien’s sword. His master’s heirloom.

Helmut reached out and picked up the sword.

Despite the gap of years past, it fit perfectly in his hand. This sensation of a perfect fit. The feeling of something he thought he had lost forever being filled was truly unfamiliar.

“How did you find this sword?”

“Fortunately, it hadn’t been disposed of. I was lucky to be able to bring it.”

Charlotte replied briefly and kept silent.

She watched as Helmut tucked the sword at his waist. A calm and quiet attitude, as if ready to accept whatever his judgment might be.

‘You’re still the same.’

Though he had never spoken it aloud, Charlotte was his younger sister.

He knew what it meant for her to come here.

Though four years had passed, Helmut remembered what kind of person she was.

Charlotte was an upright and proud swordsman, almost to the point of being inflexible.

For her, it must have been unacceptable, unforgivable injustice to have Helmut cast out of Renosa.

‘But she’s also of Renosa blood.’

And also his sister.

The people of Renosa had hearts of ice. To Helmut, nothing was as meaningless as blood ties.

His mother, who had only seemed affectionate, abandoned him. Michael, who had acted friendly, quickly changed. Charlotte too might be harboring some hidden intentions.

However, what was certain was that Helmut didn’t know well what kind of person his mother was, but he knew Charlotte better than that.

After all, she had been Helmut’s junior before meeting as a younger sister.

What he had observed, he couldn’t have been wrong about.

Whatever hidden intentions there might be, there was no reason for the Duchess of Rinosa to take the risk of entering the Forest of Roots herself.

“Charlotte.”

At his call, Charlotte, who had been slightly bowing her head, raised her gaze.

“I received the sword well. It wasn’t your fault, so there’s no need to act guilty.”

That was his honest truth.

Only then did Charlotte smile faintly.

“I really wanted to see you again and tell you. Thank you for saving my life.”

“I see.”

Although he had lost much in the process of saving Charlotte, it was fortunate that saving her had not been in vain.

Helmut had lost his mother, but at least he had gained a younger sister. He realized that only today.

That what he had experienced wasn’t just loss. There was something that could fill him as much as he had lost.

That the despair he felt was by no means light, but its weight could be lessened.

That if one does not give up on oneself, simply by living on, someday a seed of hope one didn’t even know existed might sprout and bloom.

Though it was a short time of less than two years, the time spent outside the Forest of Roots was by no means futile.

As a result of that time, Helmut was now facing these people.

As Charlotte stepped back slightly, Alea and the other friends approached him and spoke.

A warm reunion scene unfolded.

Before Helmut could even ask how they had been or how they had made it here, words poured out.

Elaga sauntered over and casually interjected.

[Are you all done with your greetings?]

A giant leopard carrying terrifying demonic energy.

As Elaga approached, making the ground tremor heavily, wariness appeared on everyone’s faces.

Helmut casually extended his hand towards Elaga.

“Ah. This is Elaga. The leopard who raised me.”

[Oh, so you do acknowledge that I raised you?]

Elaga retorted indifferently.

Alea bowed her head slightly towards Elaga.

“I’m Alea.”

Elaga scrutinized Alea up and down carefully and asked:

[So, you’re that Alea that Helmut couldn’t forget even in his dreams?]

A moment of silence passed.

Helmut covered his face with his hands.

“…When did I ever say I couldn’t forget her in my dreams.”

[Didn’t you know? You called her name in your sleep. I heard it several times.]

For some reason, his face felt hot.

He felt like violently striking Elaga’s mouth to shut it up.

Alea chuckled.

“Did you?”

“…”

As Helmut remained silent, Asuka giggled and whispered in Sian’s ear.

“Hey, but how can a leopard be that big? One swipe of its front paw and you’d be done for.”

Elaga’s hearing was keen.

Its gaze immediately turned to him.

[Who are you? Blue hair.]

“I’m Asuka, Helmut’s friend. We were in the swordsmanship department together at the academy. We all met at the academy.”

Asuka answered uncharacteristically politely.

Though the other party looked like a leopard, he recognized that it was like a parent figure to Helmut.

Elaga’s curiosity was piqued.

[Academy, you mean that place where humans gather in groups to learn something? What was Helmut like there?]

Asuka shrugged his shoulders.

“Top of the swordsmanship department. He was number one. The strongest.”

[Is that so? Surprising. Looks like that lacking kid didn’t get beaten up outside.]

“Far from getting beaten up, he was the one doing the beating.”

“He was so strong that even the seniors couldn’t handle him.”

Only after hearing his friends’ testimony did Elaga finally accept the fact that Helmut wasn’t such a pathetically weak guy after all.

‘Though he looks frail, that kid is actually strong among humans?’

Elaga, who had swallowed the core of a Naho, failed to realize that it had become too strong itself, making Helmut seem weak in comparison.

Elaga originally didn’t have much feeling about its own strength. After all, it had long ruled the Forest of Roots as a predator.

[Well, fine. If you say so.]

Elaga said flatly, still with a look of disbelief.



H.F.C Chapter 278 (Part 1):

Helmut quietly took Alea’s hand. Alea looked at him with a smiling face.

It was a smile that hadn’t appeared on her face in years.

The moment of reunion made Helmut feel indescribable emotions.

But as soon as that moment passed, Helmut became aware of reality.

The reality with a huge barrier. The inevitable fate as long as he possessed the Seed of Darkness.

“It’s reckless. The Forest of Roots is a dangerous place. Even if you’re an exceptional mage.”

“I know. But just as you had to leave the Forest of Roots, I had to come here.”

Something you can risk your life for. That’s what it meant to be desperate.

“I know. You… you all will be able to leave again.”

Helmut looked at Alea and her friends.

It’s good that they met like this. Since Elaga can extract the dark

energy from them, there won’t be any difficulty passing through the sacred barrier again.

Even if Helmut couldn’t go with them. That wasn’t a pessimistic thought.

It was just the cold reality he faced.

Asuka grumbled.

“How long has it been since we met and you’re saying such things?”

“Of course we’ll leave again. We have no intention of being buried here.”

Sian urged, looking at Alea somewhat anxiously for some reason.

Alea cut in decisively.

“Together with you.”

“Yeah, though I have no idea how that’s possible.”

Asuka shrugged. He had followed along without much thought.

Helmut shook his head.

“I can’t leave. I can’t leave even in the same way as before.”

“If it’s because of the sacred barrier, I have a way. If you’re saying you can’t leave for other reasons… For example, if you’re afraid of enemies outside?”

Alea’s purple eyes suddenly became intense.

It was a look as if asking if he was ready to fight against them. Even if the opponent was Renosa.

“…No.”

He had been abandoned, and that abandonment was so ruthless that no lingering attachment remained.

Once was enough. Renosa, his mother, would not be able to abandon Helmut again. Because Helmut had no intention of giving them anything.

Alea continued calmly.

“I didn’t come here without any plan. You know? The Archmage called Antiol. He helped us.”

Helmut could easily recall who that Archmage was.

“He has researched the sacred barrier for many years. He and I found a way. Of course, there will be risks, but it’s the most promising method we have right now.”

Alea said with conviction.

“Let’s go together.”

There was no reason not to follow that proposal. A warm emotion surged in his chest.

Helmut nodded after a moment.

“Alright.”

‘So, you’re leaving again.’

It was a moment of joy, but Elaga didn’t like that conclusion.

Though Helmut’s condition was terrible, Elaga had simply been happy that he had returned.

Life in the Forest of Roots was boring, and Helmut was the first being Elaga had grown attached to and raised.

Although a demonic beast, Elaga, who had lived with demonic nature for a long time, knew how to attach meaning to things unlike other demonic beasts. And was strangely positive.

‘Well, he’s found his mate, so what can I do?’

It felt like letting Helmut become independent for the second time.

Just like the first time, the second time also felt similarly lonely.

But Elaga was used to solitude. Demonic beasts are inherently solitary creatures. It would just feel a bit empty, but not particularly difficult.

‘I hope he lives well properly this time.’

Elaga thought of Helmut lying miserably sullen again.

Its gaze turned to the side.

[By the way, Igrelle, how long are you going to stay here? Is it because of that rabbit?]

Igrelle, who had been watching the humans chattering as if it was completely adorable, flinched.

It flapped its wings unnecessarily.

[What does it matter to you? This isn’t your territory anyway. And those humans are mine.]

[Why are those humans yours? They came looking for my human.]

[They entered my territory, and I protected them to get here. Isn’t that why you claim your human too?]

Though the truth was that it hadn’t really protected them, Elaga didn’t need to know that.

Elaga, at a loss for words, changed the subject.

[Humans don’t belong to anyone. If you want to eat that white rabbit, just take it and disappear.]

“You can’t have Pomi!”

Sarah, who had been quiet, quickly interjected. She climbed on top of the unconscious white rabbit as if to protect it.

“Pomi is my friend!”

The rabbit, trampled under Sarah’s feet, seemed to twitch a bit, but no one paid attention.

Elaga snorted.

[Friend, you say. That thing has Naho’s consciousness in it.]

[I thought something felt strange. So that’s what it was. Tough bastard. Is it because it’s a snake?]

[I’m sick of Naho, so you can eat it if you want.]

Igrelle looked disgusted.

[No matter how delicious rabbits are, I don’t want to eat Naho! It’s gross.]

[Then should I eat it?]

Elaga frowned as if in deep thought. It had swallowed Naho’s core, so there was no reason it couldn’t swallow this.

Its gaze fixed on the back of the white rabbit’s head.

Sarah shouted.

“It’s not Naho, it’s Pomi! Just let it go.”

Elaga slowly approached, saying:

[Rabbit meat is not common. I’ll save some for you. It’ll be delicious.]

“I won’t eat it! No! You can’t kill Pomi!”

[That’s not an ordinary demonic beast. It may be just a weak thing now, but seeing how it approached you and tempted you, it holds a grudge against me. I can’t leave a future problem.]

If it has the consciousness of Naho, who was the ruler of a region, it will quickly become strong. It will surely become troublesome later.

Especially Naho, who never forgot a grudge once it held one, had a dirty personality.

“Still, you can’t! It’s my friend! Pomi has never threatened me!”

Sarah’s attitude was adamant. She spread her arms to protect the white rabbit. Elaga could easily push her away with its tail, but it narrowed its eyes.

[Fine, if you insist. I’ll let that thing live and just remove Naho.]



H.F.C Chapter 278 (Part 2):

Igrelle asked curiously.

[How is that possible?]

[You can’t do it, but I can.]

Arrogantly declaring this, Elaga approached the white rabbit closely.

Sarah asked with a suspicious face.

“You’re really not going to kill it, right?”

[Yes, have you ever seen me lie? Now move aside.]

Sarah slowly moved away.

The white rabbit, which had regained consciousness and was watching cautiously, tried to jump up and run away the moment Sarah stepped back. However, that attempt quickly became futile.

Thwack!

[Where do you think you’re going? I knew you were conscious.]

Hit by Elaga’s front paw, it fell back to its original spot. Elaga pressed down on the white rabbit with its front paw. It was an irresistible pressure.

‘No! I can’t disappear like this!’

Naho’s consciousness struggled. But there was nothing it could do.

Tears welled up in the white rabbit’s eyes out of frustration.

Sarah looked at it as if pitying it, but that was all. Elaga focused its mind while looking at the white rabbit.

‘Might as well practice.’

Extracting Naho’s consciousness like extracting demonic energy. It’s a similar act in the sense of pulling out some heterogeneous power from inside the body.

It had done it to Helmut, but that was instinctive, not something it thought about with its head.

To send Susan and Sarah out of the Forest of Roots, it’ll need to extract their dark energy, so it needed to experiment at least once.

Whoosh.

Black smoke rose from the white rabbit. Naho’s forcibly extracted consciousness was incinerated by Elaga’s energy and dispersed in the air.

After a moment, Elaga stepped away from the white rabbit. Sarah ran to the white rabbit and shook its body.

“Pomi! Are you okay?”

Soon the white rabbit shuddered, regained consciousness, and stood up.

However, as soon as it got up, it leapt and ran away. It was because it had seen Elaga.

Sarah desperately called out to the white rabbit running away in one breath to the other side.

“Pomi!”

The white rabbit stopped running, tilted its head, and looked back at Sarah.

A familiar voice. But because the presence of Elaga and Igrelle was so terrifying, the white rabbit couldn’t overcome its instinctive fear.

After looking back for a moment, Sarah was shocked to see the back of the rabbit running away with its tail between its legs.

“Why, why is it doing that? Doesn’t it recognize me?”

Leaving without even a greeting.

It felt as if the white rabbit Sarah knew had become something else entirely. Elaga explained.

[It wasn’t strong enough to awaken demonic nature, so now that Naho’s consciousness is gone, it’s just become an ordinary demonic beast.]

“Pomi was my, my only friend!”

Sarah wiped her tears.

Sarah had grown attached to the white rabbit through the few brief encounters they had.

Watching her cry loudly, Elaga realized that living in this Forest of Roots without a single friend was too cruel for this young girl.

After all, Sarah had memories of living outside the Forest of Roots.

Unlike someone like Helmut who could live well alone, Sarah was the type of human who needed to live mingling with other people.

‘Right, humans belong in the human world.’

Though it was a bitter thought, Elaga couldn’t help but recall the thought it had while raising Helmut.

[Let’s go to your mother first. You humans over there, follow me too!]

If those humans can take Helmut out of the Forest of Roots, then this mother and daughter can leave together at that time.

It planned to leave the rest to Helmut after that. Since he was strong in the human world, he should be able to help Susan and Sarah settle and live in the human world.

‘What should I do?’

Igrelle, who had been looking regretfully at the white rabbit moving away for a moment, pondered.

The humans it had brought had met Helmut as intended. This should have been the end of their connection.

But it was regrettable to end it like this.

Of course, Alea and her group weren’t at all regretful about getting away from the annoying Igrelle, but Igrelle had shaken off boredom for the first time in a long while. It couldn’t give up this exciting feeling so soon.

Igrelle declared proudly:

[Elaga, I’ll go with you too.]

[What? I’m going to the central region. That’s my territory, why are you coming?]

[Think of it as repaying a debt since I helped your human get out of the Forest of Roots.]

[…Do as you please.]

Elaga was a demonic beast who knew how to count what he had received. Igrelle might be curious and willful, but he wasn’t a bad creature, so it wouldn’t cause harm.

“We’ll move quickly in the same way as before.”

Alea called the golem. She, Asuka, Sian, and Charlotte would travel riding the golem.

Helmut and Sarah naturally climbed onto Elaga’s back.

And so, with only one white rabbit having left the group, they all headed towards the central region.



H.F.C Chapter 279 (Part 1):

“Mom!”

“Sarah! Where on earth have you been!”

Susan, who rushed out with an anxious face, hugged Sarah tightly.

Sarah apologized to her obediently.

“I’m sorry.”

Having experienced the betrayal of the white rabbit, she wore a noticeably dejected expression.

Susan cried out, almost sobbing.

“I thought I’d lost you! I’m so glad you’re safe…”

A deep sense of relief settled in.

She had been so anxious while waiting that she didn’t even feel like getting angry.

“Susan.”

Only after Helmut called out did Susan realize there were other people present.

“Ah, Helmut. Thank you for bringing Sarah back. But… who are these people?”

She was startled.

The people who had newly entered the Forest of Roots, had they really been rescued?

Helmut introduced them with a gesture.

“This is Alea, and these are my friends.”

“You’re just going to lump us all together as ‘friends’? That’s not much of an introduction!”

“This is Asuka, I’m Sian, and this is Charlotte.”

While Asuka protested and Sian supplemented the lacking explanation, Susan’s gaze fixed on Alea.

She couldn’t help it; Alea was a beauty that lit up the eyes. Moreover, she was wearing a mage’s robe.

But somehow, her gaze towards them was cold.

After scanning Susan and Sarah, Alea asked in a chilly voice.

“Who is this…?”

“She’s someone who fell into the Forest of Roots with her daughter and lived with Elaga. I’ve been teaching her daughter Sarah swordsmanship. She took good care of me when I returned to the Forest of Roots.”

“Is that so?”

Noticing that Alea’s reaction was unusual, Susan hastily added.

“I just looked after Helmut because he reminded me of my dead younger brother. Helmut is so independent that we didn’t actually live together.”

“I see.”

Only then did Alea’s face relax into a more composed expression.

She politely greeted them.

“I’m Alea. I’m Helmut’s girlfriend.”

“Did you come all this way to meet Helmut? That’s really amazing. But this is the Forest of Roots…”

“I’m aware.”

At that moment, Elaga, who had been watching silently from behind, stepped forward.

[Susan, hurry and prepare to leave. You need to go with them too.]

“What? Where to?”

[To the human world.]

Elaga seemed reluctant to say those words.

But it didn’t hesitate any further. It had already decided to help them leave the Forest of Roots.

“What?”

Susan’s eyes widened.

Her mind had cleared after finding Sarah, but the situation was still bewildering.

[Helmut’s girlfriend here says she has a way out. You should take Sarah and go with them. Once you’re out, Helmut will help you settle down.]

Without asking for Helmut or Alea’s opinion, Elaga spoke decisively.

“But didn’t Helmut say… he couldn’t leave?”

[They say there’s a way now. So hurry and get ready.]

“Ah.”

Hope filled Susan’s eyes. Sarah was also smiling brightly by now.

Alea calmly spoke up.

“Before that, I’d like to discuss how we’re going to escape from the Forest of Roots. It involves a somewhat complicated process.”

Soon, everyone sat down in the open space next to Susan’s house.

Igrelle, who had followed without any particular task, was also present. Igrelle asked with shining eyes.

[Aren’t you just going to leave through the sacred barrier in my territory? That’s how Helmut left before.]

“Helmut can’t leave through that method anymore. We didn’t just come here to see him. We came to take him with us.”

They had already guessed that Helmut wouldn’t be able to leave using the same method as before.

Entering the Forest of Roots was possible, but that had taken a lot of time.

It took time to experiment with theories and make adjustments.

There was only one chance, and since it required risking their lives, they couldn’t move carelessly.

As everyone focused their attention, Alea posed a question.

“How much do you know about the sacred barrier that isolates this Forest of Roots from the outside world?”

Sian, second in the magic department, quickly raised his hand. It was raised neatly, befitting a model student.

“The sacred barrier appeared after the Demon King War. After defeating the Demon King, everything related to the Demon King was sealed in the Forest of Roots, and the sacred barrier isolated it so that nothing could escape from this forest. That’s why this place became a forest filled with demonic energy. That demonic energy transformed the flora and fauna here into demonic beasts. The sacred barrier is known to be the most perfect and powerful barrier on earth. It’s said that no demonic beast can cross it.”



H.F.C Chapter 279 (Part 2):

The Forest of Roots gradually faded from human awareness, becoming a place that might appear in history or legends. There were few who properly studied this place.

Whether it was the effect of the sacred barrier or if it was naturally avoided as an ominous and dangerous place is unknown.

The temple’s disapproval of humans taking interest in the Forest of Roots also played a part.

“That’s the commonly known information. But how exactly was the sacred barrier formed?”

Everyone tilted their heads.

That’s how legends usually are. They’re made up of unrealistic and unexplainable stories.

But the Forest of Roots was a living legend.

Asuka questioned,

“Wasn’t it just made by the temple? Like, a bunch of priests gathered and created the barrier.”

“This sacred barrier was created by the power of a single being. Think of it simply. Lumen created this sacred barrier.”

“Right, Lumen… since he’s a god.”

Everyone’s expressions became peculiar.

Lumen only proved his existence through holy power, not as a being that directly gave rewards or punishments.

In fact, none of those present had any faith.

However, at Alea’s next words,

“Lumen is not the name of a god. It’s a human name. A human who created the sacred barrier that sealed this Forest of Roots.”

Everyone was shocked.

It was almost blasphemous. Just uttering those words was enough to make Alea an enemy of the temple.

“Just as demonic energy originates from the demon world, each world has its own power. Holy power is the force and will that protects this world. Although it may be misused by the corrupted temple in this long era of peace, holy power itself is a force for the continuation of this world. It’s the power that forms the foundation of this world, originating from creation.”

Alea continued her explanation calmly.

“Therefore, before the Demon King War, this power didn’t clearly exist in the world. It was just permeating the world. However, in the distant past, there was the Demon King War. The demonic beasts that poured out from the demon world, led by the Demon King, tried to dominate the earth and exterminate all living beings. The world fell into danger in an instant. At that time, to protect the world from destruction, holy power emerged as a reaction, and Lumen was given the right to control that holy power. In other words, that’s how the divinity of Lumen was born.”

“That’s…”

Sian let out a sound like a groan. Alea declared.

“That is the truth that Archmage Antiol discovered after his research.”

Asuka furrowed his brow as if it was giving him a headache.

“Yeah, if the Archmage said so, it must be true. But what does that have to do with us getting out of here?”

“It’s an explanation to help you understand the sacred barrier. The sacred barrier isn’t simply sealing the fragments of the Demon King that exist on earth. It’s blocking the demon world. A gate to the demon world opened at the location of this Forest of Roots, and that’s why this place is full of demonic energy. That’s also the reason why the Forest of Roots is a forbidden area.”

“The demon… world? Here?”

Sian wore an appalled expression.

Charlotte also looked down at the ground with a hardened face. As if the ground might open up a black maw and swallow them.

“The demon world is closed. Because the Demon King who opened the gate to the demon world is gone. And the sacred barrier is blocking this place. That’s why the sacred barrier is so powerful and forms a complete shape. For example, it’s shaped like this.”

Alea drew a circular line in the air. It was a circle.

The sacred barrier surrounds the Forest of Roots in the shape of a sphere, she was saying.

“The Forest of Roots can’t be escaped through the ground or the sky. Because the barrier envelops everything. Lord Igrelle, who flies in the sky, would know, right?”

[Yes, that’s right. I’ve tried it before. I tried to fly to the end of the sky to escape the Forest of Roots. But there was a barrier up there too.]

“Yeah, we get that the sacred barrier is amazing, but we can still get out, right? Because we’re not demonic beasts. But Helmut is different.”

Asuka, who had blurted this out as if frustrated, flinched for a moment.

It seemed like he had just referred to Helmut as a demonic beast. Alea changed her tone. The other person kept using informal speech to interject, and it didn’t suit her character to keep explaining politely with formal speech.

“I already said, no matter how impressive the barrier is, it was created by a human.”

“Yeah, that Lumen or whatever was a human. But he became a god, didn’t he?”

“Even if he became a god, the barrier was created using human methods. Do you think such a barrier would suddenly appear out of thin air just because Lumen wanted it to? He became a god because he received holy power, but he wasn’t an omnipotent being.”

If Lumen had been omnipotent, he would have simply blown away the gate to the demon world and purified the world of demonic energy without needing to create a sacred barrier.

But Lumen had limitations, and that’s why this forbidden area was formed.

In other words, if Lumen had limitations, it meant that this sacred barrier wasn’t something absolute either.

“Using human methods…?”

Sian, who had been thinking deeply, clapped his hands.

“Ah, I get it. To create a barrier…!”

“That’s what Antiol was researching. He was studying the principles by which the sacred barrier was implemented while creating barriers in human ways. Whether it’s magic or holy power, the attributes are different, but the principles of implementation are similar. On top of that, I heard stories about the Forest of Roots from Helmut. That was a big help.”

“What did I say?”

Helmut raised his eyebrows as if he had no idea what she was talking about.

While only Sian, as a mage, could grasp what was being discussed, everyone else felt like they were in the dark. Alea, noticing this, began to explain more leisurely.

“Elaga here, and Igrelle. Helmut, you talked about the rulers of the Forest of Roots domains. The fact that they exist is crucial.”



H.F.C Chapter 280 (Part 1):

[Why us?]

Igrelle and Elaga exchanged puzzled glances, clearly not understanding.

“The Forest of Roots is vast, but it’s divided into five regions—east, west, south, north, and the central region—each ruled by a powerful beast. Why do you think it’s divided this way? How did you come to be the rulers of these regions?”

Elaga and Igrelle felt a slight shock. It was a question they had never thought to ask.

Just like a child naturally grows into an adult, it seemed absolute and natural to them.

Elaga, recalling distant memories, began to speak hesitantly.

[Well… it’s because we were the strongest in those regions, I suppose? It was a long time ago, so I don’t remember clearly, but I think I was the strongest in the central region. Not by a huge margin, but I was stronger than the others.

I fought off and devoured those who challenged me, and eventually, I became the ruler. It wasn’t anything special. The strong survive, and the survivors grow stronger. That’s just the way it is in the Forest of Roots.]

[That’s how it was for me too. I didn’t do anything special. I just fought off and devoured others until the gap between us widened. One day, I realized I was the strongest in the south.]

They both sounded like people saying they had been geniuses from birth, the kind of talk that would make anyone jealous.

[We established our territories around the same time. At some point, we realized we were the strongest in our respective regions, and that’s how it happened.]

“How long ago was that?”

[In human terms, about 800 years ago. The Forest of Roots has been around for about a thousand years.]

Sarah and Susan stared at Elaga in shock.

They knew Elaga had lived a long time, but they hadn’t realized it was that old.

Despite its age, Elaga didn’t exhibit the wisdom or maturity one would expect from such a long-lived being.

“Why didn’t you expand beyond your region?”

[Because there were others just as strong as me in the other regions. After becoming rulers, we gradually became aware of each other’s existence.

We knew that if we fought, it would lead to mutual destruction. So, we coexisted.

Not that we liked each other very much. But if we stayed in our own territories, there was no reason to fight.]

Igrelle shot a glance at Elaga.

Naho had been particularly notorious, but that didn’t mean Elaga and Igrelle were on good terms either.

The Forest of Roots was a world of survival of the fittest. This meant that competing for strength and establishing a hierarchy was natural. It was instinct.

But the rulers of the regions, sensing that their powers were equal, had avoided conflict by establishing their own territories. They had awakened enough of their demonic nature to suppress their instincts.

In other words, they possessed suppressed instincts. Therefore, it was only natural that they would dislike other rulers who were just as strong and posed a threat to them.

‘The Forest of Roots has been maintained for a long time without change, with five regional rulers in place. The humans who entered from the outside couldn’t affect this massive ecosystem. They were simply weak beings at the bottom of the food chain.

This forest was a dormant lake. But Helmut’s appearance caused ripples on the surface. He was the first factor that brought about change in the Forest of Roots.’

Alea looked at Helmut as she organized her thoughts.

‘Elaga saved him, raised him, and that caused the conflict between Naho and Elaga. And Naho of the east was annihilated.

This event caused a slight change in the Forest of Roots.

She wasn’t sure exactly what those changes were. But perhaps those changes allowed Helmut to escape the sacred barrier.’

Helmut’s escape from the sacred barrier was a miracle. Both Antiol and Alea had come to that conclusion.

Helmut had relied on a plausible theory, but that theory wasn’t as complete as that of Archmage Antiol.

Even though Antiol knew more about the sacred barrier than anyone else in the world, he couldn’t have imagined that Helmut, carrying the Seed of Darkness, would have been able to leave the Forest of Roots.

It was something close to impossible, according to his theory.

Alea, snapping out of her thoughts, asked,

“Do you think it was just a coincidence?”

[If it wasn’t a coincidence, then what?]

“It’s a flow. And there are things that cause that flow. As I mentioned before, there were no gods in this world before the Gate to the Demon World was opened.

But when the world was on the brink of destruction due to the Demon King, the world created a god: Lumen.”

Alea posed another question.

“So, what do you think the existence of you rulers of the regions means in the Forest of Roots?”

Elaga frowned deeply.

Elaga’s brain was already steaming from all this thinking. Igrelle, who was a bit more thoughtful, answered.

[Are you saying there’s something related to the sacred barrier in the east, west, south, north, and central regions? And as a result, we, the rulers of these regions, were born?]

Alea answered concisely.

“Yes.”



H.F.C Chapter 280 (Part 2):

Sian quickly interjected.

“That’s right. Just like a golem has a core, a barrier needs a core to be implemented. With a barrier this large, there couldn’t be just one core.

Also, a barrier can’t be established properly if even the slightest thing is off. Barrier magic is extremely difficult to cast. There’s a reason Archmage Antiol, who can create large-scale barriers, is so famous.

The sacred barrier is a perfect circle, so cores with equivalent holy power must exist in precise locations, and those cores balance each other to form the sacred barrier.”

“The east, west, south, north, and the center. That’s what Antiol speculates.”

Igrelle countered.

[I’ve never seen anything like that in my territory. I’m extremely sensitive to holy power, so there’s no way I wouldn’t notice something like that.]

“It wouldn’t be something distinct. A sacred barrier created by a god wouldn’t be so poorly constructed. It’s probably right below the barrier, on the line that divides the sphere in half.”

[Then what about the central region?]

Alea pointed upward with her finger.

“Lumen’s symbol is the sun. It exists at the center of the sky. That’s a fact Archmage Antiol confirmed by risking his life to fly up there.”

Elaga, scratching the ground absently in frustration over the headache-inducing discussion, asked,

[So what does this have to do with Helmut leaving the Forest of Roots?]

“The sacred barrier is weakest in the underground of the central region. That’s because it’s the furthest point from the core in the sky.

But digging underground to escape is nearly impossible. It would require digging a straight line deep underground, which would take an immense amount of time.

That’s why we plan to break through the exposed core and escape. We’ll go up to the sky.”

At those words, everyone looked up at the sky.

The ominous, gray sky. They would probably have to climb to an incredibly high altitude, so high that falling would shatter their bodies.

[How are we supposed to get up there? You said the core of the barrier is up there. Isn’t that the strongest part of the sacred barrier?]

“To be precise, the central core connects the forces of the four sides and establishes the barrier. Therefore, while the center of the sky is the strongest part of the sacred barrier, it’s not the most powerful core itself. That’s why there’s a weakness. We’ll exploit that weakness.”

Alea paused her explanation at this point.

To exploit that weakness, there was something they needed to do first. And that task wasn’t going to be easy.

Igrelle muttered as it looked up at the sky.

[I don’t understand. I’m not from the central region, but I’ve flown up to where the sacred barrier is in the southern region. Up there, the sky is blue and beautiful. It’s not the gray, ominous sky tainted with demonic energy.

But it’s also hard to breathe up there, and the air is so cold it feels like it could freeze you. Even as a beast, it’s tough for me. Can fragile humans really withstand that?]

“There are two mages here. It won’t be easy, but it’s possible. It’s a much more feasible method than the way Helmut left the Forest of Roots. That’s the conclusion Antiol and I came to.”

Alea spoke in a calm voice, looking at Helmut. His black eyes were somber.

If not for Helmut, the group wouldn’t have to take such a dangerous route over the barrier.

They could pass through the barrier more safely.

Elaga could remove their demonic energy, and they could pass through the sacred barrier then.

But because Helmut can’t pass through the sacred barrier that way, they have to take this risk.

‘After all, entering the Forest of Roots was a life-risking endeavor from the start.’

There was no need to hesitate about taking a risk now. Alea was even slightly excited.

As a mage, she was about to verify the results of her research. Four years of research, to be exact.

That was why Antiol had helped her. Mages never help others for free.

“So, what exactly do we have to do? There must be a reason you brought us along.”

Asuka asked.

He had only followed Alea here and hadn’t even properly drawn his sword yet.

From the very beginning, they met Igrelle and had an all too easy journey.

He was brought to fight beasts, but surely that wasn’t the only reason.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. This place is safe, so everyone should rest and recover their strength for now.”

Everyone scattered to prepare food and set up their sleeping arrangements.

Igrelle and Elaga remained lying down, lost in thought.

The new information about themselves as rulers of the regions and the Forest of Roots was shocking, even for them as demonic beasts.

Alea approached Elaga and asked,

“I have a question. Elaga, you absorbed Naho’s core and grew stronger. Why didn’t you try to expand into other regions?”

Elaga looked at Alea as if she were asking a strange question.

[Huh? What would I get out of that? What good would it do me to defeat the others and rule the Forest of Roots?]

“You could have made them your subordinates and taken control of the entire Forest of Roots. You could have become something like the king of the beasts.”

[What’s the point of becoming the king of beasts? I find raising humans more fun. You’re saying weird things.]

Elaga’s response was blunt, and Igrelle chuckled from the side as if the idea of Elaga being a king was ridiculous.

But Alea thought differently.

If survival of the fittest was a beast’s instinct, then it was also instinct to rise to the top once one gained the power to stand at the pinnacle of the food chain.

The fact that Elaga hadn’t followed that instinct meant it had completely transcended its instincts.

Elaga had grown by absorbing Naho. It wasn’t just physical growth or an increase in demonic energy, but a growth of its demonic nature.

Elaga had become capable of things that Igrelle or the other regional rulers could not do.

It had surpassed the title of a regional ruler and become something transcendent.

The emergence of a being with unparalleled strength in the Forest of Roots.

What consequences this would bring in the future was still unknown.



H.F.C Chapter 281 (Part 1): Crossing the Barrier.
				The next day, after taking a day of rest, everyone gathered together.

They all had a feeling that what lay ahead would be no ordinary task, so they were on high alert.

Helmut, far from relaxing, had been swinging his sword all day long.

Alea stood with her arms crossed, like a professor from the magic department.

Elaga and Igrelle, who suddenly found themselves listening to something like a lecture, waited quietly for her words like obedient students.

Alea looked around at them all and began to speak.

“I will now explain what we need to do.”

She extended her hand into the air.

A projection spell materialized in the air, showing a spherical structure divided into sections, with a wide area in the middle.

“This is the sacred barrier. It’s impossible to pass through this barrier directly. So, what we need to do first is disrupt the barrier.”

White lights appeared around the edges of the sphere, and a red dot appeared in the center.

“As I mentioned, the central core gathers the holy power from all directions.

This means that if we disrupt the flow of holy power coming from the surrounding cores, the barrier will weaken.

We can’t completely stop it, but for a short time, we can interfere.

We need to act before the Lumen priests who constantly monitor the barrier notice the anomaly. This sacred barrier is the very purpose of the temple’s existence.”

The sacred barrier had remained unchanged for countless years, quietly maintaining its stability.

If any changes occurred, the temple would sense something was wrong and work to restore the barrier to its original state.

However, the temple would need some time to react. Archmage Antiol and Heike would distract the temple’s attention from outside the barrier.

During that window of opportunity, they would escape the barrier. That was Alea’s plan.

“This is how we can suppress the sacred barrier.”

She took something out from her robe.

It was four small, round metal plates, each about the size of a palm. Intricately detailed magic circles were engraved on them, with a large, blue gemstone embedded in the center.

The power within the gems shimmered like the waves of the sea. The amount of magic contained within them was immense, like an ocean.

Sian murmured in awe.

“Wow, I never thought I’d see this here. Adamantium! It’s the gemstone that can hold the most magic in the world. It’s not just rare; gems of that size are incredibly valuable, and there are four of them!

And to store that much magic in them would have taken even an Archmage several years.”

Alea nodded and continued.

“Place these on the cores of the sacred barrier, and they will activate. Ideally, all four should activate simultaneously, but as long as even one of them disrupts the balance, the barrier will weaken.

We’re not trying to break the sacred barrier; we’re just trying to exploit the gap.”

Helmut, who had been listening quietly, pointed out sharply.

“So what you’re saying is that we need to split up. We need to activate them simultaneously from four different directions.”

“Exactly. It’s best to activate them around the same time, then regroup in the central region as quickly as possible to escape the barrier.”

“How long will those work?”

“Three days at most. Maybe less. We have to regroup as quickly as possible. If the sacred barrier truly reflects the will of Lumen, we don’t know how it might react to such a threat.”

The uncertainty of how the barrier might react was the biggest variable.

“So we have to regroup in the central region within three days.”

“Four days after departure, at noon. That’s when we place the devices on the cores. The Adamantium will guide you when you get close to the core.”

“How will we divide the group?”

Asuka asked with a serious face.

Now he was starting to feel a bit tense. If they split up, he couldn’t just mindlessly follow Alea around like before.

For the first time since entering the Forest of Roots, they were about to face real danger.

But that’s what they had been honing their skills for all this time. His eyes brightened with excitement.

“Let’s start with the south, which should be easy. We have Igrelle, the ruler of that area, here.”

[Me?]

Igrelle blinked innocently, its curiosity piqued as it had been listening intently.

It wasn’t for nothing that Alea had included Igrelle. Even though they were prepared, she hadn’t expected they could weaken the barrier in all four directions, but having Igrelle made the task easier.

“Igrelle will have difficulty approaching the sacred barrier. One of us will handle placing the Adamantium. So, please take just one person with you to the south.”

Igrelle protested.

[Why should I do that? Are you telling me to carry a human on my back now!]

“You don’t have to carry them on your back. They can hang on while you fly.”

Alea said calmly, since it wasn’t something she would have to do anyway.

At this point, there was no one who couldn’t endure that level of discomfort.

[If you’re not going to help, why are you hanging around my territory with nothing to do? Just do it if we ask.]

Elaga growled, revealing its demonic energy, and Igrelle grumbled in discontent.

[Stupid leopard. This is why beasts shouldn’t have power. So who’s coming with me? You?]

Having decided it might as well get its feathers groomed, Igrelle looked around at the humans.

Naturally, it wasn’t thrilled with Asuka.

Alea was Igrelle’s top choice, but Charlotte and Sian seemed just as good.

Alea spoke as if she had already decided.

“Charlotte would be good for that.”



H.F.C Chapter 281 (Part 2): Crossing the Barrier.
				Charlotte stood up immediately.

“I can’t take the easiest job!”

Following Igrelle to install the core and returning was the simplest and least risky task.

Charlotte felt she hadn’t fully atoned for her sins yet.

She felt obligated to take on the most dangerous task. A privilege like this wasn’t something she deserved.

But Alea’s response was cold.

“You’re mistaken. You’re taking this job because you’re weaker than Asuka. And Sian, being a mage, has a separate task. So you’re the only one left. I can’t send a child to do this, can I?”

Sarah, who was pointed at by Alea’s finger, flinched. She looked like she wanted to protest, but she couldn’t muster the courage to stand up to Alea.

To her, Alea was stunningly beautiful but also cold and intimidating.

[Well, I’m fine with anyone as long as it’s not that blue-haired one. Black-haired human woman. I might even let someone like you ride on my back.]

Igrelle shrugged.

Its eyes were particularly sparkling, having found a new interest.

Elaga issued a threat.

[If you try anything funny, I’ll tear your wings off! I’ve eaten a snake, so I won’t hesitate to eat a bird.]

[Who said I’d do anything funny? The noble Lord Igrelle doesn’t do such things!]

Igrelle, who had been slightly curious about what would happen if it sneaked off with one human, bristled defensively.

Alea wrapped up the discussion smoothly.

“Then that settles the south. Now we need to decide on the north, east, and west.”

Elaga grumbled.

[The east is Naho’s territory. With Naho dead, it shouldn’t be too dangerous, right?]

Helmut shook his head.

“No, since Elaga left it alone, the east has become overrun with beasts. It’s a region without any rulers to keep things in check.”

[So should I take a human and go to the east this time?]

“No, Lord Elaga shouldn’t waste time dealing with such demonic beasts. You’re meant to face much more formidable opponents.”

Elaga was meant to face other regional rulers.

That was Alea’s calculation. Her violet eyes shone brightly.

[…Right, Baharek in the west and Kantara in the north. I almost forgot about them.]

Having absorbed Naho’s core, Elaga was the strongest among the regional rulers.

At this point, where they had to inevitably pass through other territories, Elaga couldn’t be wasted on the east.

“And we don’t need to waste many people in the east either. Except for Igrelle and Charlotte, everyone will start by going east.

We’ll leave one person in the east and immediately scatter in our respective directions. That one person just needs to activate the item at the set time and come to the central region.”

Asuka objected.

“It’s easy to go, but in the end, when coming back, they have to fight through all those demonic beasts alone, right?”

He looked excited yet anxious, wondering if it might be him. His fighting spirit hadn’t gone anywhere. Even if the opponents were demonic beasts.

“With Lord Igrelle’s speed, it could finish its task in the south and then fly straight to the east. Lord Elaga can do the same. But time-wise, you’ll need to join up with them while heading from the east to the central region. And there’s someone perfect for the job. Sian.”

Everyone’s gaze fell on Sian, who had been quiet.

“Me? Alone?”

Sian made a nervous expression.

Unlike Asuka, he was more worried about his own safety.

He was far from taking risks proactively, even if he acted in a supporting role.

Even though he was a spirit mage familiar with the forest, this wasn’t an ordinary forest.

His principle was that a mage should always move with a swordsman in combat situations.

“You’re a spirit magician, so you can hide from demonic beasts, and it’s easy for you to let Igrelle know where you are. That’s why it’s you.”

Alea’s reasoning was logical. Undeniably so.

Sian nodded with a gloomy face.

“I understand.”

“Then now we need to decide on the north and west. Where is Elaga going?”

Helmut asked.

His eyes, staring intently into Alea’s, were intense. An expression he hadn’t shown in years.

He was certainly alive now. Not just listlessly surviving like before, but filled with more motivation than when he left the Forest of Roots.

And the one who had given him that motivation answered in a softened tone to her lover.

“The west. Because Elaga will have to face Baharek of the west.”

[It’s certain that Baharek of the west is more unreasonable and hot-tempered than Kantara of the north. Though not as much as Naho.

Baharek doesn’t sleep much and has a keen sense of smell, so if you guys with my scent on you infiltrate Baharek’s territory, it’ll come charging at you, making it hard to avoid it.

But that doesn’t mean Kantara will be easy to deal with. Well, if you’re lucky, you might pass through without encountering it.]

“Lord Elaga, you should go with Asuka. While you deal with Baharek, Asuka can head towards the sacred barrier. And as for the north…”



H.F.C Chapter 282 (Part 1):

Alea’s gaze shifted.

“Helmut and I will go.”

A fleeting light crossed her eyes as they fixed on Helmut.

With both Igrelle and Elaga unable to go, it was only natural for the strongest among the humans to take on the ruler of the northern region.

Naturally, Helmut and Alea were the best choices.

“You’re not just trying to be alone together, are you?”

Asuka’s expression turned suspicious.

It was difficult for the two to be alone here, with all the bustle and many eyes around.

Since their reunion, Helmut and Alea hadn’t had much time to talk privately.

Helmut had been focused on his sword training, while Alea had been busy reviewing her plan.

In a way, Alea’s haste was also for this reason.

She wanted to wrap everything up quickly so they could leave the Forest of Roots and spend time together at leisure.

For now, she was fully dedicated to the plan.

“Do you have a better idea?”

Alea didn’t deny it; instead, she asked quietly.

Asuka closed his mouth. He had no reason to argue.

Everything was now decided. Sian, Asuka, and Charlotte exchanged tense glances.

They had been thinking only of working together, not that they would be split up like this.

‘It should be fine.’

“We’ll depart in two hours. Lord Elaga will accompany us to the eastern edge, so it should take two days if we move at full speed.

Lord Igrelle, please depart southward from here in two days.

Four days after departure, at noon—that’s when we’ll activate the items. And within three days after that, we must return to the central region. The most important thing is…”

Alea looked around at everyone.

“It’s not activating the items but returning to the central region within three days.

You must stick to the time limit. We have to leave before the barrier regains its strength.

It would be ideal if the items could be activated, but even if not, don’t push yourselves. According to the calculations, even activating just one should be enough to disrupt the balance of the sacred barrier.

I’m confident that at least one of the eastern, southern, or western items will be activated successfully.”

The biggest unknown was the north, where they wouldn’t have the help of the regional rulers.

‘Kantara of the North.’

Helmut repeated the name in his mind.

He knew nothing about the creature except its name.

Helmut had grown much stronger since his fight with Naho, but he still wasn’t sure how strong he had become.

Elaga had also grown significantly, making it difficult for Helmut to gauge his own level.

“Excuse me.”

At that moment, Sarah raised her hand high.

“What should I do? I can fight too.”

She spoke up because she hadn’t been assigned a role.

Instead of saying that a weak person like her wouldn’t be of help and should stay put, Alea spoke more gently.

“Stay here in the central region and protect your mother. This place will be empty for a few days.”

“I can enter the barrier too!”

Of course, that was possible. But the problem was what came after. She wouldn’t be much help in a fight against demonic beasts.

Igrelle spoke up nonchalantly.

[So you want me to leave in two days? Fine, I’ll hang around Elaga’s territory for the time being. You can groom my feathers. You groom Elaga’s fur, don’t you?]

Elaga glared up at Igrelle in annoyance.

[Why do you think you can just order my humans around?]

[We’ll be in your territory anyway. I’m even helping out. Just think of it as borrowing them for a bit.]

[What are you talking about? You’ve got nothing better to do than shed dandruff while flying around.]

[Who’s shedding anything? I’m clean! Unlike you, You smelly furball beast.]

With the bickering between the two demonic beasts as the final note, the conversation ended.

With that, the plan to escape the Forest of Roots was set in motion.

*

“Helmut, be careful. I’m sorry I can’t be of more help.”

Before leaving, Susan said goodbye to him with a look of regret.

Sarah, holding her mother’s hand, waved to Helmut.

“Come back safely, Master!”

Helmut responded coldly.

“Don’t wander around; stay inside the house.”

It was a scene reminiscent of a wife and daughter seeing their husband off.

The familiarity between them made Alea’s eyes grow cold for some reason.

“They look almost like a family, don’t they?”

Elaga, oblivious, spoke up.

[I was just about to say that those… Why are you looking at me like that?]

Helmut’s pitch-black eyes locked onto Elaga with a warning, and Elaga quickly changed the subject.

If Elaga kept talking, Helmut was ready to deliver a swift punch to its most sensitive spot—its nostrils.

Helmut didn’t want to suffer because of Elaga’s careless words, which had nothing to do with his own intentions.

Alea, still on edge, reacted.

“Those?”

[It’s nothing.]

Elaga quickly shut its mouth. It couldn’t understand why it had to watch Helmut’s moods, but it decided to stop talking.

Fortunately, Alea didn’t press further.



H.F.C Chapter 282 (Part 2):

Before they left, Alea handed Adamantium and provisions to Charlotte.

“The central gem will show the location with light. Just place it there.”

“I understand. Good luck to you.”

With Charlotte’s determined farewell, they set off immediately.

Among the four humans—Asuka, Sian, Helmut, and Alea—three rode on Alea’s golem, while Helmut alone rode on Elaga’s back.

The others had declined to ride the leopard without a saddle.

Helmut could have ridden the golem too, but then he wouldn’t have been able to communicate with Elaga.

Helmut held on tight.

He endured the vibrations and impacts transmitted through Elaga’s body. It was a process Asuka would soon have to experience.

After a grueling journey, they finally reached the eastern edge. A day and a half had passed.

Elaga stopped, keeping a distance from the sacred barrier.

As soon as the barrier came into view, the holy power began to burn Elaga’s demonic energy.

It wasn’t an overwhelmingly intense sensation, but just getting close to it was enough to weaken the demonic beast.

Elaga’s face contorted in discomfort.

[Ugh, what an unpleasant feeling. How can anyone live with something like that near their territory?]

Helmut realized something and asked,

“Is this the first time you’ve seen the sacred barrier?”

[Yes. It’s in the sky above the central region, so it’s not visible.]

Though Elaga had never seen it, it knew about the sacred barrier.

Knowledge instinctively acquired through the awakening of demonic power.

Helmut focused on the sacred barrier at the eastern edge.

The Seed of Darkness within him was reacting as well. He felt nauseous. He couldn’t help but activate his Vis.

Thud.

The golem flew down from the sky and dug its claws into the ground.

Alea, Sian, and Asuka disembarked, preparing to rest.

At some point, Sian murmured,

“So now, everyone’s leaving and I’m the only one left here, right?”

The east was a land without an owner.

Although it was close to the sacred barrier and supposedly safe, Sian couldn’t help but feel anxious as he looked around.

Being alone in the Forest of Roots was like a test of courage. Unlike the southern region with its waterfalls, the east was simply an extension of the forest.

“All you have to do is activate the item and come back. I’m the one with the real problem.”

Asuka glanced warily at Elaga.

Even though Elaga was the demonic beast who raised Helmut, it was large and possessed terrifying demonic energy. He had to go west with Elaga to where another ruler of the region was.

Riding on the back of such a large leopard was going to be grueling, not to mention the possibility of getting caught up in a battle between two demonic beasts.

His task was the second most difficult among the group.

Elaga snorted.

[Don’t worry, I won’t eat you, little one.]

“Who are you calling little…!”

Asuka, on the verge of snapping, held his tongue.

Helmut was treating Elaga casually because he was so familiar with it, but Elaga exuded an aura that even a former mad dog couldn’t handle carelessly.

[Well, even though they say Baharek has a nasty temper, that’s an old story. I’m much stronger now.]

Elaga was trying to reassure Asuka.

With Naho dead and the balance of power already disrupted, it wouldn’t be surprising if another regional ruler disappeared.

Even if its personality wasn’t overtly violent, Elaga was still a demonic beast.

It wasn’t the type to always resolve problems peacefully.

‘If things go wrong, I can just kill them.’

Elaga thought leisurely. It was rather friendly towards Igrelle.

That was because Igrelle knew when to bow out gracefully.

“It shouldn’t be too dangerous. Take this.”

Alea handed Sian magic stones, food, and the Adamantium.

“To enter the sacred barrier, even you as a mage will experience magic depletion. Hurry with your task as much as possible, and use the magic stone to replenish your magic right after you come out.

After that, carefully make your way back to the central region. It would be ideal if you could meet up with Lord Elaga or Lord Igrelle on the way.”

Sian received the items with a tense face.

“Got it.”

Helmut turned to Elaga.

“Elaga, extract the demonic energy from Sian.”

Just being in the Forest of Roots, consuming food and drink, caused demonic energy to seep into one’s body.

At Helmut’s request, Elaga naturally raised its front paw towards Sian. It was a huge front paw with claws as sharp as beast fangs.

Sian’s face naturally turned pale.

But Elaga, unconcerned, very lightly, as if tapping, placed its front paw on Sian’s chest.

Soon, Sian felt a faint energy leaving his body.

It was the remnants of demonic energy.

“I feel… refreshed somehow.”

As he looked at his hand in wonder, Helmut replied.

“You’re near the sacred barrier, so you shouldn’t accumulate more demonic energy.”

“But Alea, how do I use this Adamantium? Do I just take it towards the sacred barrier?”

“Hold it up.”

“Huh? This…”

When Sian held the Adamantium toward the sacred barrier, a thin beam of light emanated from the Adamantium.

The blue light, though faint, clearly pointed to a specific location within the sacred barrier.

Sian exclaimed in wonder.

“So I just have to follow this!”

Alea spoke calmly.

“Stay around here for a few days, then move when the time comes. Not yet.”

Sian nodded, putting the Adamantium into his pocket.

“Alright, I might be a bit bored for a few days, but it shouldn’t be dangerous. You all take care of yourselves.

Especially you, Alea and Helmut. No matter how strong you are, a demonic beast that’s a ruler of a region doesn’t sound easy to deal with.”

They had already encountered Igrelle, and even if not on Elaga’s level, any demonic beast of that stature opposing them would be a formidable enemy.



H.F.C Chapter 283 (Part 1):

“Well then, it’s time to go.”

It was time to depart.

Sian, after saying goodbye, walked towards the sacred barrier in front of everyone.

He intended to wait at a location where no demonic beasts would approach before activating the Adamantium.

The remaining three humans and one demonic beast now had to disperse in their own directions.

Helmut asked Elaga.

“Elaga, do you know anything about Kantara of the north?”

It would be good to gather information about a potential opponent they might have to face.

Frowning, Elaga searched its memories.

[Well, I’ve only seen that one once, so I know even less about it than Baharek. It was when we were confirming each other’s existence and setting boundaries. That one is… how should I put it… completely opposite to Igrelle.]

“What do you mean by that?”

[Igrelle is an active one. Talkative and curious. But as you can see, it’s also quite bright in temperament.

On the contrary, Kantara is gloomy. Very quiet and heavy. Extremely territorial and rigid, so even if it were me, if someone invaded Kantara’s territory, that beast would probably fight to the death.

Well, from its perspective, you humans are like gnats, so it might not care much.]

Elaga added this, almost dismissively, naturally downplaying the importance of humans.

[I’m not sure how Kantara fights either. Igrelle is a bird, but that one…]

Helmut and Alea exchanged glances as they listened.

Alea spoke up.

“It doesn’t matter what kind of creature it is. We’ll choose not to encounter it. Elaga, usually even a regional ruler wouldn’t approach the sacred barrier, right?”

[Unless they’re as curious as Igrelle? Holy power is extremely unpleasant. It feels like it’s eating away at my power.]

“That’s fortunate then.”

Alea turned to Helmut.

“We’ll stick close to the sacred barrier and move along its edge. It’ll be a more gradual curve toward the northern end, so it might be a longer distance, but I believe it’s the safest route to avoid demonic beasts.

Helmut, that won’t be too much for you, right?”

She was considering the Seed of Darkness within him.

Helmut shook his head.

“As long as we’re not too close, it’s not a problem.”

In fact, it was better this way. Just being close to the sacred barrier would cause his Seed of Darkness to lose demonic energy.

The Seed of Darkness had already experienced something like awakening once. It was best to drain its power as much as possible before leaving.

That Helmut who went berserk, controlled by the Seed of Darkness four years ago.

That wasn’t something he could ignore.

[Well, enough chatting. It’s time to go. You, blue-haired human. Hurry up and get on my back.]

Asuka stared for a moment at Elaga, who didn’t think to lower its posture.

Elaga’s back was far higher than Asuka’s own height.

Asuka had seen how Elaga ran.

It was a dynamic movement completely unsuitable as a mount.

“This is crazy.”

He finally sighed and jumped from the nearby tree onto Elaga’s back.

As he firmly grasped the mane, Elaga said indifferently:

[Hold on tight by yourself. I won’t be responsible if you fall off.]

If he were thrown off while running at Elaga’s speed, he might crack his head open. It would truly be a life-risking ride.

‘Damn it.’

Asuka muttered a curse.

He had expected to face dangerous moments in the Forest of Roots, but he never imagined the danger would be of this kind.

Alea spoke as if giving a reminder.

“Please join Sian over there as quickly as possible after finishing your task. Will you be able to find him?”

[I’m a leopard. I can track his scent. Don’t worry about me, just do your part well. In my opinion, you’re the ones most likely to fail.]

Elaga, who spat this out like a curse, flexibly turned its back.

The giant leopard kicked off the ground and leaped. It was an agile movement that didn’t match its size.

Soon, a boom! echoed from the other side. The sound of trees breaking mixed in.

Boom boom boom.

Leaving only vibrations as if an earthquake had occurred, Elaga disappeared into the distance.

They could almost hear Asuka’s screams, who would have to endure pain for the next few days.

“Let’s go too.”

Helmut, who had been staring blankly at their retreating figure, turned his head towards Alea.

Alea was staring at him intently. As if looking at something unfamiliar.

Helmut asked.

“What?”

“Nothing, just… realizing how much time has passed.”

Alea smiled faintly.

Four years ago, Helmut didn’t have a remarkable physique in the Swordsmanship Department, nor was his growth rate particularly fast.

Even though he had matured after returning from Basor, he still had a boyish air about him.

But now, Helmut was fully a man.

His skin was still pale white, but he had grown taller, and his voice had deepened.

His face, which used to have a youthful air, had now matured to the point where ‘handsome’ was a more fitting description than ‘pretty’.

His unique intimidating aura, which made him difficult to approach, had strengthened, but strangely, it seemed to soften in front of her.

He was both the same and different from the Helmut she remembered.
