
The light of life faded from Lampione’s face. His body, rapidly draining of magic power, shattered like cracked pottery, turning to dust as if it had been burned to ash.

Alea dusted off her body, stained with the dust, and stood up.

With a look devoid of sympathy, Alea turned to where Lampione’s body had been and said to Helmut,

“Good job.”

Killing the dead does not stir the seeds of darkness.

Helmut touched his chest to confirm this and raised his eyebrows in question.

“What’s this? Why did it turn out like that?”

Was even his death special? It’s strange that he didn’t fall and bleed like a normal human.

“Using such magic with a dead body, he couldn’t withstand that power.”

“Is there a core left?”

Like demonic beasts leave a core, could humans leave behind a heart full of magical power? Lampione’s heart would be valuable.

From Helmut’s perspective, it was a natural thought.

“There’s no such thing as a core in humans. More importantly…”

A loud rumble echoed. The walls around them were collapsing.

There was no real need for Lampione to try to kill Alea with magic.

This dungeon was a sophisticated and complex subspace, maintained by Lampione’s presence.

Now that he was dead, the dungeon was also collapsing.

Alea declared,

“I must become the master of this dungeon. A subspace without a master is bound to collapse, so it needs a new master.”

If they failed to change the master, they would be crushed or flung into unknown locations by the collapsing subspace.

The coordinates could be in the middle of the ocean or underground. If they survived, it would be purely by luck.

Thus, they needed to prevent the dungeon’s collapse. Here, even teleportation magic was impossible.

If the dungeon’s master changed, the dungeon would be maintained, and they could escape from this place.

The dungeon had regenerative capabilities, so it might repair itself later, but that was a future concern.

‘Lampione must have placed his grimoire in the most stable area of the dungeon.’

She could try to retrieve it later. For now, just take control of the dungeon.

Alea summoned her magic power. As the collapse enveloped them, she resisted, connecting to the dungeon.

‘I didn’t expect it to be this dangerous, but it can’t be helped.’

Alea didn’t even mention the possibility of failure.

They must succeed here. They would survive this place.

But to do so, Alea had to pour all her magic power to the limit. Lampione’s dungeon was not an easy place.

A calm voice flowed,

“After the dungeon changes its master, I will open the door to the outside for the last time and then lose consciousness. I will wake up in a few days, but until then.”

Alea looked directly at Helmut and made a request.

“I want you to watch over me during that time.”

Being powerless and unable to do anything, relying on someone else was something she hadn’t experienced since childhood.

More than anything, it was unsettling because it was unfamiliar and scary. But there was no choice.

‘I came with you because I can trust you, so I must rely on you.’

Helmut responded without hesitation.

“Alright.”

And then Alea’s magic began.

The narrow world they stood in trembled as if it were about to break apart. It felt like being buried in a landslide.

Bright white magic power poured out of Alea’s body. It was so bright, like the sun, that it was dazzling to look at.

Her silver hair fluttered as if scattered in the air. Helmut had never seen Alea cast such powerful magic before.

He simply watched.

How much time had passed? At some point, the light vanished from Alea’s body.

She collapsed to the ground, her face pale.

Helmut reached out and caught Alea. She was alarmingly weak.

Alea’s lips moved slightly.

“We succeeded…”

The dungeon’s walls, which had been collapsing towards them, now stopped.

The chaotic magic of the dungeon also calmed down. It wasn’t so much stabilized as it had frozen in place.

Alea spoke in broken sentences.

“For now… if I lose consciousness… it won’t be safe here. I’ll open the exit…”

As Alea reached towards the wall, a door appeared there with a flash of white light.

It looked just like the doors that led to the next room with a new puzzle.

But beyond that door wasn’t another puzzle room; it was the outside world.

“Probably, outside is somewhere between the dungeon entrance and Baden… Let’s go.”

Helmut, having completely exhausted his strength, picked up Alea and approached the door.

It hadn’t even been half a day since they’d been inside, but it felt like they had wandered the dungeon for days.

It was finally over.

Helmut, carrying Alea, stepped through the door.

In the dungeon, now abandoned by its visitors, a deep silence settled.



H.F.C Chapter 193 (Part 1):
				It was quite a height, but not dangerously so. A little below, towering trees provided good footing.

Thump! Thud! Thud! Helmut jumped from branch to branch as he descended.

Thump! As he landed on the ground, fresh air rushed into his lungs.

The breath he drew was refreshing. The smell of grass. The surroundings were too bright for it to be dawn.

They had entered the dungeon at midnight. Considering the time taken to traverse the dungeon and Alea taking control of it, it was unlikely to be afternoon yet, even accounting for the time difference.

Helmut squinted, trying to judge the light and shadows.

‘It’s morning, then.’

They seemed to be in the middle of a forest.

From a quick glance before landing, the horizon was enveloped in green.

Suddenly, relaxing his grip caused Alea, who was precariously perched on his shoulder, to slide off.

Nearly hit her head on the ground.

Helmut quickly caught Alea, noting her slender frame.

No matter her disguise as a man, her weight couldn’t be disguised; she was light.

Being a mage, she lacked muscle, especially by the standards of the swordsmanship department.

Alea didn’t stir as he adjusted her to lean against him. Her limp body seemed devoid of strength.

Her breathing was soft. She seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep, as if in hibernation.

‘She’s completely defenseless.’

He thought she wouldn’t even notice if he pinched her cheek.

Helmut twitched at that sudden thought. He didn’t act on it for a simple reason.

‘Somehow, I feel like Alea would notice.’

Somehow with Alea, there was no guarantee of a perfect crime, and retaliation was certain.

‘Better not.’

Even Helmut knew it was impolite to pinch the cheek of someone sleeping.

He curbed the impulse and pondered what to do with Alea, who was leaning on him.

‘A place to lay her down…’

The forest was pretty much the same everywhere. He could lay her on a tree trunk.

But just because Alea was unconscious, it didn’t mean they had to stop here. It might be better to move towards Baden.

It would also lessen the burden on Alea to use teleportation magic.

‘But where are we exactly?’

Helmut looked around the forest. He had no idea of the geography between Baden and their destination.

Because they had traveled to the dungeon by teleportation, and all of it had been Alea’s responsibility. He had just followed.

‘But there’s one thing I do know.’

Alea had said they were somewhere between Baden and the dungeon.

The dungeon was to the southwest of Baden. That meant they needed to head northeast.

After estimating the direction based on the position of the sun, Helmut hoisted Alea onto his back again.

It was still daytime. Moving a bit more wouldn’t hurt.

However, Helmut soon encountered a dilemma.

As he made his way through the forest, he stopped abruptly for a simple reason.

“I’m hungry.”

Helmut rubbed his stomach and muttered. It had been quite some time since they had eaten anything in the dungeon.

‘All the food is with Alea.’

Helmut almost called out Alea’s name but hesitated.

The very Alea who had all the food was in no state to respond. He knew where the food was – in Alea’s robe.

But mages often enchant their robes to bind them. That means others can’t search through it and take anything out. In other words, having food was useless.

‘Should I hunt?’

He regretted the sandwiches he had eaten ad nauseam.

Finding food in the forest was not a difficult task for Helmut.

But the moment he decided to hunt, Helmut realized another fact.

‘What about Alea?’

He couldn’t leave her here and go hunting. What if a wild animal attacked her?

Alea had clearly asked him to protect her.

“I shouldn’t leave her; I need to bring her along.”

Hiding her in the underbrush wasn’t an option either. Animals have keen senses.

Hunting wasn’t a problem. He had brought a bow, thinking it might be needed as a long-range weapon.

He didn’t have arrows, but he was used to shooting branches, so it wasn’t an issue.

However, to shoot the bow, he had to set Alea down. He would take down the game with a single shot as soon as he spotted it.

It was a challenge, but Helmut managed it smoothly. Before long, he had successfully hunted a wild bird.

Helmut was an excellent hunter but a terrible cook.

He pondered over the bird.

“How do I eat this?”

Cooking was far from Helmut’s expertise. But plucking and roasting were not unfamiliar, even if most of it had been Darien’s job back in the Forest of Roots.

Holding the bird, Helmut found a suitable clearing, gathered some sticks haphazardly, and started a fire.

After somewhat cooking it, the unseasoned bird meat had a gamey taste. It was edible, if barely.

Helmut ate enough to fill his stomach and buried the rest. His palate had grown fussy from the luxuries enjoyed in Baden.

Glancing at Alea, who was still sprawled out unconscious, Helmut felt a pang of urgency.

‘When will Alea wake up…’

That smart head of hers should’ve handed out some food before fainting.

Or perhaps, from Alea’s perspective, Helmut wouldn’t die from a few days without food, and if he wasn’t going to die, it wouldn’t matter.

After all, an unconscious person doesn’t feel hungry.

What was certain was that Alea was currently a significant burden. Not that he had any intention of abandoning her.



H.F.C Chapter 193 (Part 2):
				The usually alert and meticulous Alea looked almost cute, sprawled out like that.

Helmut considered his survival strategy.

‘No water bottle, so I’ll have to drink straight from a stream. Cooking’s out, so I’ll look for fruits or mushrooms I can eat raw.’

In a situation with no ingredients or tools, that was the best he could do.

Helmut found himself brooding over food issues for the first time since leaving the forest of roots.

Now that he was fed, it was time to move. Helmut picked up Alea and started walking.

Her weight had become familiar. It would feel strange when Alea could walk on her own again.

Carrying someone through the forest was similar to the training at the swordsmanship department; it was physically demanding enough to strengthen muscles.

Of course, for Helmut, who was accustomed to training, it wasn’t too difficult. It just made him hungry quickly.

Unlike at the academy, where meals were provided, he had to find his own food here.

Helmut keenly felt how comfortable his life had been until now.

A day passed. It felt like a thousand years.

It was too much to hope that Alea would wake up after just one day.

Helmut knew only that they were headed toward Baden.

Helmut resolved himself.

“Maybe I should practice Vis while staying somewhere suitable.”

Conserving energy and being near water would naturally secure drinking water and game. If nothing else, he could catch fish.

Finding a stream, Helmut decided to stay there until Alea awoke.

The forest’s atmosphere was filled with vital energy. His training was quite fruitful.

After half a day immersed in Vis practice, his body was filled with energy. He had regained more Vis than he had expended in the dungeon.

‘Staying here isn’t so bad after all.’

Being near starvation made his mind sharper. A swordsman who uses Vis can survive longer without food than most people.

He thought it might not be so bad to keep fasting. After all, if he continued without food, he wouldn’t feel hungry.

‘It’s a bit of an extreme situation.’

Just Alea being unconscious had brought Helmut to such a situation. It was unfamiliar and somewhat absurd.

Helmut glanced at Alea. Despite being unconscious, her magic maintained her appearance; she still looked impeccably clean and had the appearance of a male figure. It was almost miraculous.

‘She must be alright.’

Was Alea in a situation similar to when Helmut had just left the forest of roots?

No, she was probably in a better state. She might have exhausted all her magic, but at least she wasn’t physically hurt.

‘She isn’t hurt, right?’

Helmut approached Alea to check her body, intending to see if there was anything else amiss.

No matter how gently Helmut handled her, he couldn’t be sure if she hadn’t been hurt when he had set her down.

‘Fortunately, there are no scratches.’

There were no signs of bleeding or any visible issues.

Alea’s robe was enchanted with protective magic, shielding her body from most impacts.

‘Is her magic recovering smoothly?’

There was no need to undress her. Helmut’s keen senses allowed him to perceive the changes occurring within Alea’s body.

Her nearly depleted magic was slowly rising. It was still a small amount, but a noticeable change.

The forest, filled with natural energy, was beneficial not just to Helmut but to Alea as well.

In a few days, Alea would awaken, and once she restored her magic through meditation, they could return to Baden. They wouldn’t need to wait too long.

Helmut was contemplating the future optimistically when he took a break.

Suddenly, a prickling sensation near his heart startled him. Helmut knew what it meant. The seed of darkness had reacted.

‘What’s this?’

In such a remote forest, why would the seed of darkness react?

‘Could it be…’

With a grim expression, Helmut stood up. He had a bad feeling about this.

Expanding his senses and concentrating, he faintly felt ripples spreading through the atmosphere.

Helmut realized what these subtle ripples were.

‘Holy power?’

Why would sacred magic be used here? Could it mean that there was a priest nearby?

‘This is not good.’

He had a good idea of what kind of sacred magic had been cast. Scrying.

And whoever had cast the magic likely realized that Helmut and Alea were here.

Helmut pondered what to do next. Alea was unconscious, and if a battle ensued, he would have to protect her while fighting.

The problem was, Helmut was weak against holy power.

‘Should we flee?’

But doing so would alert them that something was amiss here.

If the sacred magic caster had seen Helmut, he couldn’t run away. He’d better stay and silence them.

‘If it’s a priest, there’s no problem in taking them down.’

Receiving sacred magic might even help suppress the seed of darkness.

Helmut waited.

‘They’re approaching.’

Indeed, they weren’t going to let it go. He could sense someone approaching.

Measured footsteps. The movements felt unified as if they were few, but they were definitely multiple people, and well-trained ones at that.

Whether it was right to confront them here, Helmut became uncertain.



H.F.C Chapter 194 (Part 1):
				‘It’s too late to back out now.’

Helmut decided to wait and see how things unfolded.

The trudging footsteps were now close at hand. One by one, their figures emerged.

The first thing Helmut noticed was a blindingly bright white—the pristine white of their armor, looking as though it would soil easily. His heart raced with the surge of holy power that hit him.

The seed of darkness inside him thrashed violently, as if blaming him for not fleeing.

Helmut recognized them with a chill.

‘The Knights of Lumen.’

Why were they here? What did they know? His body tensed automatically, his hand reaching for his sword.

They were the enemies he was destined to fight one day, according to his own definition of justice.

But there were too many of them—close to twenty.

The temple was said to be corrupt, but the knights before him looked just like the temple that had saved the world from the Demon King.

They tightened their encirclement with a precise knowledge of his location, and upon spotting Helmut, they exchanged looks.

“A boy? He’s quite young.”

“Those dark hair and eyes, ominous.”

“Just as the High Priest said.”

“How dare you glare at the temple’s people like that!”

One of the knights rebuked. Helmut managed to suppress his killing intent.

‘From their tone, it seems they haven’t labeled me as an enemy yet.’

Helmut realized a few things. Their being sent by the High Priest meant the High Priest was nearby.

And the High Priest could track him. Fleeing would be futile.

‘The seed of darkness has diminished, and my level has increased, so even if it’s the High Priest, he might not easily notice my condition.’

That was his only hope. Also, strangely, after the initial disturbance when the Knights of Lumen appeared, the seed of darkness quieted as if hiding from a natural predator.

But Helmut soon faced a dilemma.

”Just appearing out of nowhere like this…”

While trying to buy time with his words, the knights pressed him aggressively.

“Why are you in a place like this?”

“This is not a place for people. It’s suspicious.”

“If you don’t answer directly, we won’t just let this go!”

There was an air of condescension, as if they managed the forest themselves—a clear provocation.

But they were from the temple, and the temple was a law unto itself.

Helmut decided to comply for now.

“I’m a traveler.”

“Why would you travel to a place like this?”

“And who is that behind you?”

They couldn’t ignore Alea’s presence. They probably knew there were two of them from the start.

It was a problem. Considering Alea had avoided the High Priest before, it was likely that her reputation with the temple was not favorable.

Alea wouldn’t have avoided the High Priest just because she was one of the many mages at Greta Academy.

‘Looks like we’ll have to fight.’

While Helmut pondered, a few knights subtly changed their angle and moved towards Alea.

“A robe? A mage, then. Not a dark mage, right?”

“Why is this one lying down? Is he injured?”

A knight who glimpsed Alea’s face inhaled sharply.

‘Have we been discovered?’

Helmut’s hand stealthily moved towards his sword. With so many of them, he would have to strike swiftly and stealthily.

But the words that fell from the knight’s mouth were unexpected.

“An angel here!”

“Such beauty as if Lumen’s Apostle has incarnated.”

“Also young. A friend, or…?”

“Is it a woman or a man? Hard to say. Looks like a man.”

It seemed that even the knights found Alea’s appearance hard to ignore.

Unconscious Alea had become an object of curiosity among them.

Alea’s being a mage was now revealed. Now, how would they deal with this?

Helmut quickly concocted a suitable explanation.

“He’s my client. He’s just sleeping because he’s tired.”

“Why doesn’t he wake up with all this noise?”

“Could it be drugged…?”

One knight harbored a suspicion.

The suspicion immediately turned towards Helmut after seeing Alea’s appearance.

For now, Helmut was relieved. It seemed at this level, they couldn’t discern anything significant about Alea.

Helmut quickly made an excuse.

“He sleeps like the dead once he’s out.”

“A client, so you’re a mercenary?”

“Yes.”

“Did this mage hire you? For what purpose?”

The knights seemed persistently curious, probing for more.

Helmut mixed truth and lies in his answers, relieved that they did not seem inclined to attack right away.

‘I just wish they’d back off.’

However, his hope was not fulfilled. The knights murmured among themselves, then resumed their authoritative tone.

“Alright, you both need to meet the High Priest.”

“Just a brief visit, and if there’s nothing suspicious, you can go. You might even receive the High Priest’s blessing if you’re lucky.”

A blessing was the last thing Helmut wanted. The real problem was making sure the High Priest saw nothing suspicious…



H.F.C Chapter 194 (Part 2):
				“Don’t worry. The High Priest doesn’t persecute mages.”

Yet the worry was that both he and Alea could very well be exceptions to this rule.

“As you can see, my companion is asleep, so that might be difficult.”

It seemed they only needed to avoid the High Priest, but that wouldn’t be easy.

“If he’s asleep, wake him up. What nonsensical talk is this?”

“He’s passed out from exhaustion, won’t wake up for another two days.”

Helmut gave a rough estimate of when Alea might awaken. The knight scoffed.

“Two days? Don’t talk nonsense. We need to leave soon anyway.”

“Hurry up and carry your client.”

The commanding tone implied they would force them if he refused. A chilly voice slipped from Helmut.

“Why don’t you carry him?”

“What did you say? How dare you!”

“I don’t want to touch my client. He said to not disturb him because he put up a defensive spell before sleeping.”

Helmut shrugged lightly.

Fortunately, the way Alea was lying looked quite natural, thanks to Helmut’s careful arrangement.

Helmut’s scant consideration. Not being treated as a mere object was a privilege Alea held.

“If you’re a knight, you can block magic. You carry him.”

Helmut bluffed with a mercenary’s bravado.

Of course, if they really tried to carry Alea, he planned to do it himself. He couldn’t let her fall into their hands.

But Helmut was feeling disheartened.

‘Is it meaningful to delay like this?’

He resisted being dragged along to the High Priest, but if it came to a fight, wouldn’t it be better to just…

“It’s absurd.”

The knights snickered. One of the lower-ranked ones stepped forward boldly.

“Fine, I’ll carry him.”

As he reached out towards Alea, Helmut sensed someone else approaching. It felt like a large mass of bright, holy power moving towards them.

A sense of threat tightened around his neck. The seed of darkness within his heart tensed, feeling the presence of these two powers inside and out.

‘Whoever it is, they’re stronger than that one.’

Dolos, the High Priest Helmut had met before, was definitely at the lower end of combat ability among the High Priests.

He had become a High Priest through his research achievements and knowledge, not because of his prowess in force or holy power.

That meant other High Priests were significantly stronger.

And with knights around, a High Priest’s combat capability doubled. The priests’ style of fighting was similar to that of mages, and with the knights to support him…

The odds were unfavorable, more so than fighting the entire Palma Knight Order.

The knights, sensing someone approaching, halted their movements. Soon, the figure revealed himself.

A middle-aged man with intense eyes, dressed in white with ornate golden patterns, exuded authority from his relaxed stance overlooking them.

“Why are you taking so much time?”

His stern voice echoed. The knights turned and saluted him in unison.

“High Priest Pascal.”

Helmut was the only one who kept his head defiantly raised as he faced the High Priest. He suddenly realized something.

‘Pascal, one of the names Dolos mentioned to me.’

Darien’s nemesis, an enemy he had to kill someday. To meet him so soon…

It was hardly an opportunity, given the number of knights supporting him, and a few priests trailed behind him too.

If they weren’t far from Baden, it made sense for the High Priest’s entourage to stumble upon them here.

It was more of a bad connection than a coincidence. He had always known a day would come to face the temple, but the timing was too soon.

An unprepared confrontation. All he could hope for was that this storm would pass by.

“My apologies for causing such a nobleman to make the trip.”

“It’s because this one wouldn’t cooperate,” a knight pointed at Helmut. Pascal’s gaze shifted to Helmut, curious and intrigued.

He took in Helmut and Alea, a flicker of an unsettling emotion crossing his eyes. Helmut felt a grim premonition.

“In such a place, young boys, what brings you here? I felt a magic surge and ordered the forest searched.”

It seemed that when the entrance from Lampione’s dungeon opened, magic had spread into the area.

Pascal, passing nearby, had sensitively detected the magic and cast a scouting spell.

“This young man behind is a mage, the client of this dark-haired boy. They were passing through on their journey.”

“Why is the mage unconscious?”

“He’s asleep, but he has a condition where he doesn’t wake up easily.”

“Oh, really? Perhaps I should have a look.”

“We’ve been warned he’s surrounded by a defensive spell.”

“A mere mage’s defensive spell, what could it possibly do to me?”

Pascal, confident despite the knight’s caution, approached. No one stopped him.

Pascal stopped close to Alea and overtly admired her face. Helmut twitched, worried Pascal might recognize Alea.

But Pascal’s reaction was an unabashed compliment.

“Such extraordinary beauty.”

“He’s a man.”

“Yes, he appears so to my eyes as well.”

While Alea had suffered from Heike’s mischiefs, the bracelet’s magic had become more perfect.

Not as powerful as when it was temporarily strengthened, but less conspicuous than before the festival.

So Pascal, even from a distance, couldn’t see through it.

“That pleases me as well. Such pure silver hair. He’s the most beautiful boy I’ve ever seen.”

Desire flickered in the High Priest’s eyes. As he slowly stroked his clean-shaven chin, facing her, Helmut felt an ominous premonition.

It was an unsettling feeling, like being caught in a sticky trap.



H.F.C Chapter 195 (Part 1):
				Helmut’s premonition was accurate.

Pascal had a penchant for the young, regardless of gender, and not in an innocent way. His preference was for the fresh, immature bodies full of vitality. The word ‘immorality’ was what drew him.

As a High Priest, he pursued these wrongful desires, which, once indulged, had addicted him.

He targeted young boys and girls who were not part of the temple to avoid problems.

‘To do great things, sometimes I need to satisfy my inner impulses appropriately,’ Pascal rationalized to himself.

He had risen to the position of High Priest at a young age. His innate holy power and talent had easily granted him power and wealth.

The role of a High Priest in the temple wasn’t just to offer prayers to the gods. In an era without the absolute evil of a Demon King, if power was concentrated in one group, it was more unusual for it not to be corrupt.

As long as he did not overtly soil the temple’s name, anything he did was acceptable. Pascal had exploited his position well.

Pascal reached out his hand.

“Let me examine him.”

It was impossible to allow the High Priest to inspect Alea, regardless of her reasons for hiding from the temple.

Helmut stepped forward to block his path, and the knights burst into outrage.

“How dare you obstruct the High Priest!”

“He’s my client, and protecting him is my job.”

The reason was the High Priest, but Helmut also didn’t like the look in his eyes. It was a sinister gaze.

Yet, they were both men, at least by appearance. Why then?

High Priest Pascal offered generously with a benevolent smile.

“I could heal your client.”

“He is not injured.”

“You do not understand. A magician lapsing into such a deep sleep usually indicates internal damage. Perhaps a spell failed. I can heal him.”

It was a sharp observation. It seemed the High Priest wasn’t as simple as he appeared. Helmut remained staunch.

“My client instructed not to be touched. That includes the High Priest.”

Only then did Pascal’s smile fade.

“You do not understand words.”

His previously gentle face disappeared, replaced by a haughty and cold expression.

“Fine, you’re a mercenary? I’ll offer you ten times what you were paid to step aside.”

Suddenly, Pascal’s intention to buy Alea was unclear to Helmut, who remained silent.

It was clear that he couldn’t hand her over, but he couldn’t understand why Pascal was making such a request.

“Lord Pascal, why offer money to such a person? Allow me to handle it.”

One of the knights stepped forward, evidently eager to earn the High Priest’s favor. Pascal waved him off.

“No, that’s unnecessary. It’s commendable that a mercenary is loyal to his contract. Isn’t it praiseworthy for such a young one? He has a sharp edge, but I like his delicate features.”

He tsked regretfully.

“If you were a bit younger, it would have been perfect. That’s why I’m offering a special price here.”

Helmut shuddered. Indeed, in his youth, he had been as pretty as any girl.

He finally understood why Pascal wanted him to hand over Alea.

‘To think the High Priest has such tastes.’

It was a predilection condemned even in human society. Once more, the High Priest urged.

“If you leave the magician here, nothing will happen to you. Don’t worry. If your client simply follows my words, he will be safely returned.”

“Do as the High Priest says!”

Several knights menacingly approached him, ready to force compliance if Helmut refused.

Helmut assessed the size of the enemy.

If he left Alea, Helmut would be safe. The High Priest hadn’t noticed the seed of darkness in him.

Logically, it made sense to leave Alea behind and withdraw.

Helmut had endured a long time to emerge from the Forest of Roots. He hadn’t even met his parents yet, and now he risked making that time meaningless.

Wasn’t it for that reason he had hidden and endured?

The most formidable enemies he had ever met were before him. If a fight could be avoided, shouldn’t it be?

Yet, he couldn’t. Something hot surged within him, overpowering his reason.

He hadn’t grown strong to give up. He hadn’t grasped his sword to flee, powerless.

To conquer and to protect. Whether it was himself or something eventual.

Sometimes, there are moments when risks must be taken, when no compromise is possible.

This was one of those moments!

Helmut murmured as swiftly as the wind, “That won’t be possible.”

Before they could grasp his words, his sword was drawn.

Crack! The neck of a knight who had come too close sailed through the air.

His sword then turned and pierced the heart of another. Blood splattered. In an instant, two lives were extinguished—a price for their complacency.

“This, this boy!”

With a shout, three more knights drew their swords and charged at him.

But they were just three. To an opponent who had defeated the commander of the Palma Knights, three was nothing!

A fierce smile flickered across Helmut’s face as he fully demonstrated his skill.

Rapid sword strikes, too fast for the knights to counter, descended upon them. Soon, three more bodies were added. The peaceful forest was quickly tainted with the scent of blood.

“Ah, how could this happen…”

Pascal, who had hastily retreated behind his knights, was struck with horror.

Until just moments ago, the dark-haired boy had stood quietly before him. Now, looking at him as if discovering something new.

His calm, still eyes. Blood dripped from the sword in his hand. Yet, his face, having committed slaughter, was disturbingly expressionless.

The High Priest recognized the Vis emanating from his sword. The ominous, ashen Vis. The faint sensation coming from it…

Pascal’s eyes widened.

“You, you couldn’t possibly!”

Though he said ‘possibly,’ it was certain. If a boy of that age could dispatch knights with such Vis…

Moreover, the sensation within his Vis was unmistakably, magic! Pascal’s booming voice fell.

“He has a seed of darkness. Quickly, form up!”

Fortunately, their focus seemed to have shifted from Alea to Helmut.

Helmut was aware of Alea’s presence behind him. It was rather fortunate she was unconscious, allowing him to unleash his full capabilities.

‘Before Alea awakens, I’ll have to deal with them all.’

Alea would likely remain unaware of what had transpired. Helmut tightened his grip on his sword.

An odd sense of exhilaration filled him. A fierce, confident will to fight anything seemed to guide him.

The seed of darkness no longer urged him to flee. It seemed to accept this fight as fate.

“I’ll kill them all and silence them.”

Before their confusion settled, Helmut’s feet pounded the ground.



H.F.C Chapter 195 (Part 2):
				“Argh!”

“Ugh!”

As the fight progressed, casualties increased one by one.

Three more had died. Those who avoided fatal wounds were healable by the priests, but only momentarily.

Holy power was not infinite. There was a limit to recovery.

Though there were many knights, their heavy armor and unfamiliarity with forest combat hindered them.

A terrain suitable for few against many. Helmut, darting between trees like a squirrel, was hard to catch with the naked eye.

“Form a surround! Tighten his movements!”

As Pascal ordered anxiously, one priest shouted almost like a scream.

“He moves too fast!”

“Just hold him for a moment! Then I can cleanse his seed of darkness with sacred magic!”

Without the seed of darkness, this wretch was nothing. The power bestowed by magic was astonishing.

However, magic was vulnerable to sacred magic. Removing magic with sacred spells drastically weakened the opponent.

Pascal had experience in subduing those rampaging with a seed of darkness.

Not often, but once every ten years or so, such cases occurred.

Although each was a grueling process, those adversaries had not been as tricky. They were merely powerful beasts that had lost their reason.

Deploying numerous knights to block movement and cleanse was usually sufficient.

But the current opponent was maintaining his composure, coldly and calmly dealing with them, like an experienced hunter!

Pascal gritted his teeth.

‘How can a young lad possess such skills?’

Those with the seed of darkness inherently differ in physique. It’s easier for them to become powerful through Vis or magic.

However, swordsmanship or combat techniques must be learned; they cannot be acquired without practice.

It seemed he understood how sacred magic affected him, moving in a way that suggested he knew the spells’ casting time. He avoided staying stationary in confined spaces.

‘Yes, he must be a mercenary. Should we request assistance from the temple?’

The force present was substantial, but not enough to capture someone with the seed of darkness, especially after losing five knights so easily.

‘Dammit, Why didn’t I notice that he had the seed of darkness?’

His aura was incredibly covert. Only after he manifested his Vis did Pascal realize his true nature.

‘Well, no matter. We can’t let this continue.’

With the seed of darkness present, they had to report to the temple and call for help.

But finding the opportunity was the problem.

Currently, Pascal was maintaining a barrier that protected himself and the priests around him.

The priests within the barrier supported the knights with recovery and protective magic.

Sacred magic could pass through the barrier, but long-distance communication was a different matter.

To contact the temple, Pascal would have to lower the barrier, but doing so would expose him directly to attack from Helmut.

He knew who to target first.

If he was hit during that time, he wouldn’t last until reinforcements arrived.

They were in the woods, a challenging location to reach quickly; support would take hours to arrive.

‘What should I do?’

Suddenly, Pascal’s eyes flashed with an idea.

‘Yes, that mage. It all started because of him.’

Those with the seed of darkness, even slightly brushed by sacred magic, suffer tremendous impacts. Instinctively, they avoid the temple.

But he chose to fight instead. Because he couldn’t bear to give up the mage.

Such a conspicuous battle was likely to divert attention to himself.

‘That’s his weak point.’

The mage was behind him. Accessing the mage could turn the tide.

Pascal silently commanded one of the knights behind him.

“I’ll distract him; sneak around back and secure the mage discreetly.”

“But I am to protect you, High Priest.”

“If you want to protect me, win this fight. Move now!”

The knight nodded gravely.



H.F.C Chapter 196 (Part 1):
				“Argh!”

A scream pierced the air as blood sprayed everywhere. The forest was filled with an artificial aura.

A misdirected sacred magic scattered as it collided with the ground, spreading up and sending stimulating ripples across the skin.

Alea felt a slight reaction all over her body. Normally, she would be deep in sleep, focusing on recovery.

But a stimulus too strong to ignore awakened her magic halfway. Not fully restored, but enough to open her eyes without much difficulty.

Her mental energy, drained from controlling the dungeon, had almost fully returned.

The three days Helmut had spoken of were a maximum estimate. It didn’t mean she couldn’t regain consciousness even in critical condition.

‘What’s this…’

Alea slowly lifted her heavy eyelids.

From afar came the sounds of slicing air, metal clanging, frantic footsteps, and cries and shouts. Her ears were bombarded with all sorts of noises.

Alea realized that a battle was taking place nearby. Her thoughts, which had been slowly turning, were now back to full speed.

‘Where is Helmut?’

She had told him to protect her, so he must be nearby. If he wasn’t, it meant something had forced him to leave. That must be why she had awoken.

As Alea tried to get up, she flinched. She sensed someone approaching with light footsteps.

She pretended to be asleep again, her fingertips twitching involuntarily.

If it was someone with ill intentions, she was ready to incinerate them with magic.

Cracking her eyes open slightly, she first saw white armor. The figure was moving cautiously, his expression anxious.

“A knight?”

Why was there a knight here? Could it be that Helmut was fighting with the temple?

At any rate, the conclusion was simple. The knight was an enemy, whether to Helmut or to Alea.

As the knight reached Alea’s feet, he turned to look towards the ongoing battle. He muttered coldly.

“This ends your rampage.”

Thinking he intended to take her as a hostage, Alea made her judgment.

Just as he was about to reach out to her, thud! An object flew from somewhere and pierced the knight’s side.

“Arrgh!”

Blood splattered. The damp liquid stained her robe, and the acrid smell filled her nostrils.

The knight fell sideways, frothing at the mouth, clutching the side where the armor was pierced by a branch that was quite long, with only the tip protruding towards her.

Despite the gruesome scene, Alea stayed still.

“Kugh!”

The knight struggled to remove the branch impaled in his side, attempting to heal himself, but he failed.

Thud! A second branch flew, piercing his eye. Blood streamed out of the burst eyeball.

The knight fell, shivering in death throes.

Alea, still stained with blood, had escaped the dire situation without lifting a finger.

Helmut, having taken down the knight, lowered his bow.

‘No movement. I think he’s dead.’

The situation seemed like something out of a war, and Helmut’s face showed no sign of disturbance.

He had sensed another knight sneaking to the side, attempting to take Alea as a hostage.

But the pressure from the front was too intense, and he had left her alone for a moment.

By the time the knight reached Alea, Helmut had already drawn his bow. Hitting the target was not difficult.

To shoot the bow with enough power to pierce the holy power-enveloped body and armor of a knight, a significant amount of Vis had been consumed.

Though successful in taking down the knight with two shots, the cost was high. His Vis was now less than half.

Ever since the battle began, his vis had been rapidly depleting.

Fighting the nights while protecting his body from the sacred magic was not easy.

To defeat the knight, piercing the armor enveloped in holy power, rather than aiming for the well-protected head, was necessary.

They coordinated well, and occasionally, a direct hit from their sacred

magic could be fatal.

To avoid that, Helmut had concentrated intensely.

‘If I don’t make a mistake, there won’t be any. There’s no room for carelessness.’

The battle was tough, as expected.

But even though it was tough, Helmut was managing quite smoothly, surprisingly even to himself.

Now, only five knights stood, all pale with fear of being hunted. Their faith in Lumen seemed insufficient to suppress their fear of death.

They did not flee because of the high priest urging them from behind.

‘I am stronger than I thought. Or have I become stronger?’

Even when he was in the Forest of Roots, he had not been in such a state. Then, he must have grown stronger.

All the experiences since leaving the forest of roots had made Helmut grow.

‘Alea should be safe for now.’

It was fortunate that she had not awakened. Helmut felt like a murderer, slaughtering the knights.

This blood-stained figure, he did not want her to see.



H.F.C Chapter 196 (Part 2):
				Whether influenced by the holy power or the act of killing, the seed of darkness within him did not stir.

A bearer of the seed of darkness becomes a murderer, it is said.

Helmut did not want this situation. But if he must walk this path, then perhaps this is the fate of a bearer of the seed of darkness.

Whether sane or not.

This thought weighed heavily on him. On the other hand, his senses sharpened.

As if nothing had happened, to wash this blood away and return to the academy, Alea must not know. He hoped she would remain unaware.

Helmut resolved within himself as he raised his sword.

Now, there are only a few left. The strongest among them, the high priest, remains, but he intended to deal with him quickly and clean up this place.

‘Useless fool!’

At the moment the knight diverted to the mages fell, High Priest Pascal internally roared.

He did not voice it out loud because there were still followers around him.

“High Priest, what shall we do?”

“That beast is too strong! If the knights all fall…”

The priests’ faces turned pale. After the knights, it would be their turn.

One thing Pascal had as a high priest was that he never lost his dignified demeanor in front of those who belonged to the temple. He spoke with a solemn voice.

“Everyone, hold your resolve. No matter how powerful evil is, we are followers of Lumen! We must not show fear before our enemy! The blessing of God will be with us!”

Pascal made up his mind.

‘I must take down that demon, even if it means risking danger.’

He is a bearer of the seed of darkness. He should not have underestimated him in the first place, but the battle had begun hastily, and already a great sacrifice had been made.

He must pay for the lives of those who had fallen. That arrogant and evil young demon!

‘A bearer of the seed of darkness, yet able to fight to this extent while keeping his sanity.’

What a great threat he would bring to the temple. It sent shivers down his spine. Pascal commanded.

“The priests will join the knights to block him.”

Since there were few knights left, the priests had fewer to worry about.

Helmut had not yet touched those gathered together, forming a holy barrier.

But if they stepped forward to attack, he would not hesitate to eliminate them.

The risk of scattering was just as dangerous for Pascal as it was for the priests.

“I will prepare a purification spell for the area. Just prevent him from coming my way. Do not give him a chance to shoot his bow.”

“Yes!”

If Helmut avoids the sacred magic swiftly, then use magic that cannot be avoided.

Purify the whole area. Although it would greatly deplete the holy power and leave their defense vulnerable while preparing the sacred magic, it was unavoidable.

‘I will not forget the sacrifice the temple has made today because of you, corrupt one.’

Pascal gritted his teeth.

*

The priests began to move forward in groups of two or three.

They usually fought passively, huddled together in a barrier, casting healing magic on the knights, and using sacred magic to keep check.

Physically fighting was not their style; if they exposed themselves, they were just as vulnerable as any ordinary person.

Helmut quickly realized this.

‘They’ve chosen a new tactic, which means they’re trying something.’

The only one left was High Priest Pascal. Among all present, he was the priority target that Helmut must take down.

It would be problematic if the higher-up used his subordinates as shields to escape. Darien’s nemesis.

However, the concentrated sacred magic from the priests blocked his way to Pascal.

‘If I cut through them and target the high priest, or…’

Helmut hesitated for a moment. The high priest wasn’t alone for no reason. It was either a bait or something else.

If it was something else, then targeting Pascal, even at the risk, was the right move.

But if it was a bait, going that way would be playing into their hands.

“Evil one, pay for your sins!”

The priests, who had been keeping a distance, now alternately protected themselves with barriers and unleashed their sacred magic.

A blinding white light surged towards him, like a giant wave. Helmut had to dodge each one.

As the area narrowed, it became harder to avoid.

He quickly leapt over a tree as the magic aimed at his position struck. The tree, hit by sacred magic, seemed as if the wind had merely passed by.

‘It’s magic that scorches only magical energy.’

It was Helmut and the knights who destroyed the forest. The sacred magic targeted only magical energy, leaving the forest relatively intact.

It almost felt like the forest was rejecting Helmut as a foreign, alien entity.

Helmut made his decision.

‘I must deal with the priests first.’

They were not insignificant enough to ignore while taking care of the high priest.

Until now, he had avoided all their sacred magic, but if even one hit, the dormant seed of darkness might erupt.

He was fighting with a penalty.

‘I’ll break the barrier even if it drains my Vis.’

A strong collective barrier becomes weaker when separated individually.

When the high priest and priests were together, their barrier was too tough for even Helmut to penetrate.

The Vis charged with magical energy would evaporate, consuming a great amount.



H.F.C Chapter 197 (Part 1):
				The dusk was settling down—a prolonged battle.

Crack! Helmut breached the barrier, piercing through the knight’s defense.

His fingertips tingled. His heart clenched suddenly. A metallic taste filled his mouth, as if blood was flowing backward.

Helmut resisted the holy power trying to infiltrate his body, thwarting it with a surge.

Even for Helmut, a battle where not even a single mistake was permissible brought on extreme fatigue.

He had to be aware of the internal enemy, the seed of darkness that could convulse in the holy power at any moment.

‘There isn’t much left now.’

Each time a barrier was shattered, the blood of a priest was scattered.

Barriers are directly connected to mental strength. Each time a barrier was broken, the priest who had cast it suffered internal injuries and fell, rolling on the ground.

Other priests hastily cast new barriers, but Helmut’s sword was faster than the speed at which the barriers were erected.

He sliced through the neck of a priest writhing on the ground, and did the same to other priests who fell into panic at the sight of their comrade’s blood.

The remaining knight attacked Helmut too late and was overpowered.

Helmut quickly withdrew his body, knowing that engaging further would expose him to sacred magic.

Leaving the knight and selectively killing the priests, Helmut reliably completed this task as always.

The densely wooded terrain of the forest aided his stealthy movements.

Among the five divided groups, two were completely massacred by Helmut.

Where Helmut passed, sacred magic belatedly fell and scattered meaninglessly.

Attack before being attacked and withdraw. An effective combat strategy.

“An evil demon indeed.”

High Priest Pascal, who was preparing a major purification, clicked his tongue at the sight.

However, his purification magic was almost complete. The moment Helmut targeted the third barrier, Pascal would be ready to take him down.

Even if he withdrew his body immediately, it wouldn’t be safe. It was the High Priest’s sacred magic. To block it, Helmut would nearly exhaust all his power.

Light reflected whitely from Pascal’s grasp. A powerful purification magic, embodying the essence of the High Priest’s power, was waiting for its time.

Finally, Helmut moved. He struck like an arrow, smashing the third barrier.

Another knight survived, but it didn’t matter. He killed the priest and the unsupported knight next. That was the order.

Screams erupted among the targeted priests.

“My God, Lumen!”

“Lord, save us!”

Pascal’s hand moved. Just as his condensed purification magic, like a miniature sun, was about to be cast, a cold voice flowed from behind.

“Alea of Lightning.”

‘No!’

It was a delicate soprano voice. The unexpected voice chillingly pierced through the eardrum.

Soon, a tremendous shock struck the High Priest. The weak barrier he maintained while preparing purification was broken, collapsing his mental strength to that extent.

“Ugh!”

Pascal knelt on the ground. The completed purification magic dispersed pathetically on the spot, with sacred power whitening everything there.

Meaningless exhaustion. The magic of purification literally cleansed the magical energy. It did not affect mages.

Alea stood unaffected by the power of purification, her presence solid on the spot.

She had stealthily killed her presence until the counterattack.

Looking at the beautiful silver-haired mage, Pascal’s eyes trembled. A cold gaze.

An overlooked existence. Alea had been asleep, not dead.

“Flame Spear! Tempest Wings!”

The lips that uttered the first spell then recited several attack spells.

Pascal desperately pulled up the remaining holy power to defend, but his body, already struck once, could barely resist.

His blackened head scattered ashes as blood flowed from between his teeth.

Pascal finally realized he was going to die. As a High Priest of Lumen, he had never thought he would face defeat.

Pascal, face-down on the ground, barely moved his lips, begging in the face of approaching death.

“Save, save me! Anything, I’ll do anything!”

His subordinates were still being slain by the dark-haired boy at this moment. No one was left to stop the advancing mage. Their eyes filled with dread.

“Die arrogantly, as a High Priest should. Lumen will welcome you with open arms.”

Alea prepared the last magic, one that could turn the High Priest to ashes.

“Now that it has come to this, I must completely erase any trace.”

Alea made a ruthless decision.

As Pascal looked up at her as if she was the Grim Reaper, a memory flashed through his mind. He mumbled as if realizing something.

“You, you resemble… a woman I know. Heike, that witch! The temple’s enemy!”

Alea muttered indifferently.

“You found out too late.”

“But the remaining kin of that witch was a woman…”

“It doesn’t matter. Good bay.”



H.F.C Chapter 197 (Part 2):
				The final spell struck Pascal directly. Whoosh! Engulfed in a pillar of fire rising from the ground, Pascal couldn’t even scream as he writhed in agony and died.

Alea squinted not out of sympathy but because it was easier to erase traces this way.

‘After all, he is an enemy. There’s no need for mercy in killing an enemy.’

However, Alea tilted her head slightly, feeling somewhat uncomfortable about something that might have happened while she was asleep.

According to Lumen’s doctrine, those who sin suffer in the flames of hell after death. It was ironic that the High Priest was dying in flames.

‘He must have committed many sins.’

Alea naturally blamed Pascal. It wasn’t a pretty sight, but it was inevitable.

Considering everything, it was a perfect way to handle the situation.

It was fortunate that Pascal had no connection to Heike, despite him being a child abuser.

Having scattered even the ashes, Alea completely erased any trace of Pascal and only then turned around.

At the moment Alea had attacked Pascal, the battle seemed to have paused briefly but now resumed.

No, this was no longer a battle but a one-sided slaughter.

“Kraaaak!”

Screams filled the dusk-tinged forest, each rising cry suddenly cut short.

Helmut chose to hunt down the last survivor and survey the area. He seemed to check if anyone else had survived.

Blood dripped from the sword in his hand. Not just from the sword—spots of blood stained Helmut’s body as well.

Mostly it was the blood of his adversaries, but he himself was not wholly unharmed.

And in this forest, he was the only one left alive, apart from another.

Helmut slowly walked forward. As soon as the High Priest fell, the impact shook his entire body.

‘Alea is awake.’

But Helmut did not forget what he had to do. After finishing the cleanup, a strange, urgent sensation pressed down on him.

His body, weary and lacking energy, was still bristling with resolve.

He had just fought the toughest battle, yet he felt as if an even greater battle loomed ahead.

The source of this feeling was none other than Alea.

Helmut stopped about ten steps away. Alea stood still at that spot. Their gazes met.

Helmut looked into Alea’s eyes, as if seeing something unfamiliar for the first time.

Something dawned from Alea’s lips.

“You… you have the seed of darkness.”

So, she had noticed. Why Helmut was fighting against the temple, the faint magical energy emanating from his body. Alea had seen through it instantly.

‘Alea…’

Helmut quietly faced Alea. In contrast to him, Alea was spotless, her bright silver hair reflecting a cold light.

Like black and white, they were in perfect contrast.

Helmut clenched his fist. His visor fell to the ground. Alea was not an easy mage to confront.

Alea might not have been in perfect condition either, but she was certainly better off than Helmut.

He had to kill her to silence her. That had been the dominant thought in Helmut’s mind as he dealt with those affiliated with the temple. His body was still permeated with a killing intent.

If he was to silence her, this would be his first and last chance. But the choice to do so was clear.

A chill spread through his heart. An unknown fear consumed him.

He had thought that someday someone might discover him. But facing this reality now felt unreal.

Helmut barely extended his sword. Alea was at its tip.

“Tell me.”

Alea’s gaze flickered slightly.

“Why I should spare your life.”

His voice was low and dry, as if he would kill her if she didn’t provide a reason.

Alea didn’t answer. Instead, she slowly approached Helmut.

Time seemed to stop as the distance between them gradually closed.

Alea did not hurry. She approached like a wary animal with its fur bristled.

Helmut merely watched. He waited as Alea crossed beyond his sword, reaching a spot just inside his wrist.

Dangerously close. It was difficult to gauge whether it was safe to allow a mage such proximity, but what was certain was that Helmut could not decide what to do.

Alea’s expression was inscrutable. Her hand clasped a bracelet.

As the bracelet slipped from her wrist, it took the magic from Alea. Along with a faint light, Alea’s appearance changed.

Now standing there were not two boys, but one boy and one girl.

Another deep secret was unveiled, albeit it was hardly a secret anymore.

Unaware of this fact, Alea spoke softly.

“Now you know my secret too.”

“I already knew.”

Alea’s pupils widened.

“Then why didn’t you tell me?”

“Because you wanted no one to know.”

Alea emphasized her words.

“I can do the same if you wish.”

“To no one?”

“To no one.”

Her tone was soothing. Alea’s eyes were calm, understanding Helmut’s anxiety and the brief aggression he had shown.

Killing to silence was a method neither had tried, but Alea had always kept it in mind.

Helmut’s aggression softened. His hand, still holding the sword, naturally lowered. As he sheathed his sword at his waist, tension released and fatigue washed over him belatedly.

Alea seemed to realize something as if for the first time.

“So, even then at the festival.”

“Yes.”

“Why did you ask to go see the festival together then?”

“Because I knew it was you.”

“Then why did you hold my hand if you knew it was me?”

Alea asked suspiciously. They had never held hands like that before.

“Because I wanted to.”

Silence fell. Alea’s face flushed a rosy hue.

“You…”

“You didn’t let go either.”

Helmut pointed out calmly, without a hint of teasing. His dark eyes were utterly serious.

Now it was Helmut’s turn to ask.

“Why did you do that?”

Alea’s lips quivered. In truth, both had faintly known the reason for their special feelings towards each other. They had just been turning their heads away, pretending not to know.

But now, they faced each other. Their heads drew closer, and neither avoided it.



H.F.C Chapter 198 (Part 1):
				That day, Helmut told Alea a long story that he had never told anyone before.

The thought of ever voicing this story had been but a vague notion.

It was incredibly heavy—his own voice, revealing the secret that had sunk deep within him for the first time, sounded strange to him.

Helmut had been abandoned in the Forest of Roots because he possessed the seed of darkness. From the moment he left the Forest of Roots, that fact had become a secret that needed to be kept hidden, even if it meant taking someone’s life.

Time spent in silence and hiding his power had ingrained itself in his body.

Alea had secrets too, but they were not quite on the same level as Helmut’s.

Alea had turned against the temple, not the world itself.

Helmut was different. The truth he held would immediately cast him out from the world once revealed.

Alea asked, “You… came from the Forest of Roots?”

“Yes,” Helmut replied calmly. Even Antiol, the archmage who had noticed Helmut’s seed of darkness, was unaware that he had grown up in the Forest of Roots.

The first human to come out of the Forest of Roots. Alea’s eyes flickered slightly upon hearing this unbelievable miracle, but she did not show much disturbance.

She had already theorized in her mind how a human with the seed of darkness could pass through the sacred barrier and leave the Forest of Roots.

However, none of her theories could touch reality.

“How?”

Helmut briefly explained the method he used. It was not a complete theory, and he admitted that he had been lucky.

Alea listened carefully, her gaze steady. It was both mage-like and typical of Alea.

Looking into her violet eyes, Helmut momentarily sank into a heavy mood.

Now Alea knew almost everything. This meant that Helmut’s destruction was in her hands. She could wield it lightly or heavily.

Handing someone a weapon that could threaten oneself was surely not a wise move.

Humans are cunning and prone to betrayal, as Darien said. And they hadn’t known each other for even a year.

But he trusted her. It was a steady and unshakable belief, hard to explain how it came to be.

He wanted to say it. Perhaps it was because of this impulse that he had trusted her. The impulse warmed his heart intensely and fervently.

Maybe he had been waiting for someone to come along and speak the truth.

He had fought alone in solitude. Helmut was now transplanting his roots and growing in the new soil of the human world.

Revealing the truth to Alea was a change for him. Change is an adventure, and adventure comes with risks.

Alea looked straight at him. A boy who had lived a harsher life than one could imagine at his young age.

Of course, Helmut was not a fragile and delicate boy to be pitied by Alea. Nevertheless, it pained her heart.

It felt like she finally understood Helmut. The questions she had held till now fell into place one by one.

Alea chose her words, “I also have something to tell you.”

She was not used to revealing secrets either.

Alea slowly revealed the truth about herself.

She was the disciple and granddaughter of Archmage Heike, a public enemy of the temple.

Heike had caused an incident in the past and was pursued by the temple. But being an archmage, if she chose to hide, the temple had no means to pursue her.

The temple’s pursuit reached her parents, living far from her.

Only Alea was left alive when Heike arrived.

“I resemble Heike a lot. The temple knows Heike’s granddaughter is alive. That’s why I disguised myself as a boy and entered the academy.”

It’s hard to imagine a girl attending the academy as a male student.

Moreover, Baden’s Academy was out of the temple’s reach.

“Did you have to enter the academy for that reason?”

“While being pursued by the temple, I thought I needed a power they couldn’t meddle with. Greta Academy’s Magic Department is the best place to build such power. Even if I’m a legacy mage, the Magic Department of Greta Academy has a high reputation. Heike and the dean had a connection.”

“Do you plan to take revenge on the temple?”

“Revenge… While I have no fond feelings, unless they provoke me like this time, I don’t plan to act.”

After finishing her words, Alea asked, “What about you?”

“I feel the same.”

If the temple starts trouble like this time, it’s a different story, but otherwise, he had no intention of attacking them.

Helmut possessed the seed of darkness. Fighting the temple would only reaffirm his fate of being abandoned to the Forest of Roots.

A path that would lead to blood and slaughter. It was not what Darien wished for.

Darien hoped that Helmut, strong like a Sword Saint, would carry the burden of power and walk the righteous path.

That was why he had abandoned the thought of revenge.



H.F.C Chapter 198 (Part 2):
				‘I don’t want to become a great villain either.’

He hoped to find his mother. Not only her but also family members whose fate he did not know.

For their sake, Helmut needed to keep a low profile.

As with Alea, who lost her parents due to Heike’s actions, creating enemies would harm his family. And not just the temple.

‘Eventually, a fight is inevitable.’

Whenever it would be, Helmut was destined to fight the temple. Naturally.

However, there was no need to walk that path with a spirit of revenge. Here was one person, another who would walk the same path.

Alea nodded, “Okay.”

Neither of them enjoyed bloodshed. They had no desire to trample others and reign supreme.

Perhaps gaining the power to secure peace for themselves was their wish.

After their conversation, silence fell. They sat side by side on a tree stump.

Having cleared the area with her magic, Alea was recuperating her magical power. She needed to use teleportation magic to leave this place.

As the forest, now shrouded in darkness, became silent, Alea felt somewhat awkward and fidgeted with her hand.

Maybe what she felt when she met Helmut was not the fate of a mage but that it was going to be like this.

His presence had firmly wedged into her tightly closed heart.

The unfamiliar throbbing of her heart would need to become familiar in time.

Helmut suddenly asked, “But what do we do now that if we’re together?”

He understood that their relationship had changed, but what came next was unclear. Alea seemed to know the answer.

But she didn’t know either.

“…Let’s think about it when we return to Baden.”

Alea put on her bracelet. As the magic took effect, Alea transformed back into a boy. Her magical power had recovered enough to use teleportation.

“It’s time to go.”

Helmut looked back towards the forest.

“Will this incident lead to them tracking us?”

“Since the High Priest regularly contacts the temple, they will soon learn of this anomaly. We are far from Baden, so I hope the Greta Academy won’t be suspected.”

A white light emanated from Alea’s hand. After communicating through a crystal ball, Alea explained, “I’ve erased the traces roughly, but it’s not enough. I’ve informed Heike, so soon the traces here will be completely erased. The High Priest’s party will seem to have vanished from this forest. It will be clear that traces were artificially erased, but suspicion won’t fall on us.”

The person Alea had just contacted was Heike.

Relying on Heike for this was not preferable, but Alea’s magic was not in perfect condition. No one could clear this place as definitively as Heike could.

If all else fails, Heike would cover it up. After all, Alea had turned against the temple because of her.

Alea quickly added, “Heike doesn’t know about you. She might guess.”

At most, she might think of him as a bold and thoughtless guy who fought the temple because of his girlfriend. Feeling somewhat embarrassed, Alea cleared her throat.

“Let’s head back.”

She reached out her hand towards Helmut. Without a word, Helmut firmly grasped her hand.

Their newly defined relationship felt strange. Whether it was right to involve another in such a tangled fate was unclear.

‘Was this the right choice?’

That was something to be observed. But what mattered now was that it was irreversible. It felt like he had something for the first time.

He did not want to let go of this hand out of fear or worry. It was his decision, and he had to accept it.

*

Not long after Alea and Helmut had disappeared, a beautiful woman with silver hair appeared.

She surveyed the forest, where a faint magical aura lingered, and read the memories of the land.

The archmage’s magic perfectly revived the scattered memories.

“A child with the seed of darkness…”

Heike furrowed her brow. She had sensed early on that the boy Helmut would become special to Alea. She had secretly observed the festival.

At that time, she had felt a strange sensation watching the boy named Helmut. But she had buried it until now.

“She has chosen a troublesome one, just like my granddaughter.”

Attaching such a person to Alea might not be a good thing.

Heike already had many enemies. There was no need to add another. If necessary, she won’t hesitate to eliminate him. For Alea’s sake.

“But that boy, he risked his identity to save Alea.”

Heike tilted her head. In such situations, there were plenty of guys who would abandon a girl they liked and save themselves.

But Helmut had not done that. Instead, he had chosen to take risks and fight.

“Except for the seed of darkness, he seems likable.”

Heike did not ponder long. As an archmage, she was almost devoid of prejudice.

For now, she would observe.

“Well, I refuse to interfere and earn hatred.”

Alea did not consider Heike family. She had lost her parents because of her, so it was understandable.

Heike accepted even Alea’s hatred and cold treatment. It was her fault, so expecting forgiveness was too much.

Hated or not, Alea was the only family Heike had left.

Something she must protect at all costs.

“No matter what kind of guy he is, as long as he doesn’t harm Alea.”

Muttering as if making a vow, Heike cast a spell.

She completely erased the traces here. Even if the temple pursued her, the suspicion would fall on her.

That was Heike’s role.



H.F.C Chapter 199 (Part 1):
				Helmut and Alea returned to Baden much earlier than planned.

They headed straight to the dormitory in Baden. Instinctively avoiding the temple, they returned to what felt like the safest place for them.

It had only been about two days, including the time Alea had been unconscious, so when they returned, it was just the start of Monday and other students had just begun to leave.

If they had left later, they might not have run into the High Priest and his party. A slight regret lingered.

“Good night.”

After parting at the door of their rooms, exactly 12 hours later, Helmut and Alea encountered each other at the same spot.

“Hi.”

Somehow, Alea avoided his gaze softly. She had rested and recovered her magical powers during those 12 hours.

As time passed and the urgency faded, Alea reflected on what had happened between her and Helmut. Somehow, her head felt fuzzy.

‘How did I usually treat Helmut?’

Alea used to nod curtly at Helmut when greeting him.

But it was an unconscious action, so she couldn’t recall it.

That was why Alea couldn’t leave her room for 12 hours.

However, since there was nothing to eat in the room and she was hungry, Alea eventually stepped out.

“Hello.”

On the other hand, Helmut looked at her calmly. He too had locked himself in the training ground as soon as he returned, focusing on recovering his Vis.

Being in an incomplete state made them both feel uneasy.

After a brief silence, Helmut asked,

“Are you hungry?”

“Uh, yes? Yes, I’m hungry.”

“Then let’s go.”

Alea followed Helmut without thinking. They soon found themselves sitting side by side in the student cafeteria.

The missions were essentially outdoor activities. Going downtown in Baden wasn’t forbidden, but the journey was long. This was the nearest place.

The sight of food made her hunger surge. Looking around the quiet surroundings, Alea asked,

“What time is it now?”

There were hardly any people in the student cafeteria. Alea wasn’t used to coming here.

Because if she occupied a seat in this crowded place, people would flock around her annoyingly.

“It’s 2 PM.”

Helmut pointed to the clock behind Alea. Only the second-year students were absent due to the assignments. Students from other years were in class.

This tranquility would continue until classes ended.

‘It’s been a while since it was so relaxing.’

She had rushed through the dungeon with all her might and fought right after waking up.

Helmut had a gap in between, but Alea didn’t have any such gap.

Things just kept happening to her without a break.

‘Right, I got the Lampione legacy in my hands. And with Helmut….’

Although she had come running for the former, she couldn’t tell in an instant whether the former or the latter gave her more satisfaction.

Alea decided not to dwell on it. A steaming curry with a few croquettes was right in front of her. Her hunger blurred her vision.

Helmut ate in silence, as if he had been taught not to speak while eating.

But he too felt a tingling sensation of some kind.

He suddenly looked up at Alea.

Alea always looked bright, but today she seemed somewhat different somehow. Helmut noticed that subtle difference.

Alea, who usually neatly combed her hair down, had messy hair today. An urge to touch that disheveledness.

‘Just like a cat.’

That was the feeling Helmut often had when looking at Alea.

While Alea was cold as ice to Asuka, of course, and to Sian, when she showed a soft attitude only toward him, it felt like he had tamed a difficult cat.

But he felt Alea might get angry if he touched her hair while she was eating. Helmut decided to leave it for later.

Wondering the absurd question, ‘When can I touch her hair if we’re dating?’

Since dating would allow more intimate contact, Alea would probably accept it at the appropriate time.

If he had known this would happen, he would have observed how Wesley or the guys from the swordsmanship department interacted with their girlfriends.

This had been outside of Helmut’s interests until now. Although he often observed the human world and learned from it, he was an outsider in this area.

“Why do you keep looking at me?”

Alea grumbled for some reason. The plate in front of her was nearly empty.

It was her first meal after several days of starvation. She had devoured it without realizing.

Helmut tilted his head slightly.

“Isn’t it okay to look?”

“No, but looking like that…I become conscious of it.”

Alea mumbled vaguely. This guy already had a sharp gaze. Some people felt pressured just from meeting his black eyes straight on.

But because of that, his seriousness and emotions came across even more clearly.

Helmut simply replied,

“It’s okay to be conscious of it.”

In other words, he would look at her as he pleased.

Alea shook her head in embarrassment.

“Do whatever you want.”

Once they both finished eating, Helmut asked, “More importantly, what about our mission assignment?”

“Ah right, the training assignment.”

Alea made an expression like she had just realized.



H.F.C Chapter 199 (Part 2):
				It was uncharacteristic carelessness for her. She seemed to have thought only of obtaining the legacy of Lampione in the dungeon.

She hadn’t obtained Lampione’s grimoire yet, but since she had achieved her goal, it felt as if everything was over.

“What did you write on the document?”

Alea had taken on the task of drafting the document alone, or rather, she had managed the entire mission assignment.

Of course, Helmut performed more than his expected role, but Alea wouldn’t have written reports that they explored the dungeon of the archmage Lampione.

The fact that Lampione’s dungeon had been conquered would eventually come to light.

Doing something else would leave no trace.

‘Not only the temple, but the mages will also try to investigate.’

If someone discovered that the timing of conquering Lampione’s dungeon and the killing of the Hight Priest coincided, they might try to find a connection between the two incidents.

But they won’t be able to trace it back to Alea and Helmut, since they didn’t leave any bodies behind.

Alea recalled,

“What did I write again? Ah yes, an ecological survey. I have all the data, but I may need to submit proof that we actually went there.”

The forest was about two days away by horse. Quite far, but still within reach for Alea’s magic.

Helmut immediately suggested,

“Then let’s go.”

“Already?”

“Wouldn’t it be better to go and come back quickly?”

It’s one of the rare weeks without classes. Since Alea could write the report quickly, they might as well get the mission and everything else done quickly…

The same thought crossed their minds. It wasn’t something to be done alone.

Alea’s cheeks flushed as she glanced around, wary of anyone watching.

“Okay.”

*

When they returned after a bit of casual gathering in a somewhat intimate atmosphere, it was already night.

Alea decided to write the report based on the data and submit it tomorrow.

Right before entering their rooms, their hands briefly touched. Helmut had grabbed hers.

“Tomorrow……”

Alea looked around nervously to see if anyone was nearby. She couldn’t forget that she was disguised as a man here.

Fortunately, since it was the last room at the end of the hallway, there was no sign of anyone. Helmut then suggested,

“Shall we go out to Baden around lunchtime?”

Ethan would likely be away from the mansion anyway, and it didn’t seem quite right to loiter at the instructor’s mansion during the mission period.

“Tomorrow, sure.”

Alea nodded. Though they were just neighboring rooms, it was time to part.

The two stood facing each other for a moment, neither making the first move to leave.

It was only when they heard footsteps approaching in the hallway that they finally turned their backs and entered their rooms.

“Good night.”

They exchanged brief farewells.

*

The next day, Helmut finished his morning training as usual and returned to his room.

Suddenly, the door opened and Alea appeared.

She looked perfectly put-together, unlike her relaxed appearance the day before. Every single strand of her hair was neatly arranged. He wouldn’t be able to run his fingers through that hairstyle.

Helmut felt a tinge of regret for the missed opportunity.

With a determined expression, Alea said,

“I’ve thought about what we could do.”

After completing the mission report, Alea had pondered for a while.

As someone who valued planning, she had made plans while Helmut seemed to have none. If they just had lunch in Baden, then they would have nothing else to do afterwards. Alea thought about what to do after that.

Wasn’t there anything they could do together?

Alea turned Helmut’s vague plan of going to Baden into a concrete schedule for the remainder of the mission period.

Admittedly, after writing it down, it felt a bit odd to call it a date. But that could be adjusted by incorporating Helmut’s input as well.

“Here, take a look at this.”

Helmut silently examined the schedule Alea handed him. Her eyes sparkled with enthusiasm as she asked,

“Do you have any other plans by chance?”

Pointing to the blanks, Alea confidently said they could adjust those since the schedule wasn’t fully set. Helmut was momentarily at a loss for words.

In truth, he didn’t really have any specific plans. He had simply focused on the idea of meeting Alea.

Having lunch. Visiting a bookstore. Or checking out shops. Then stopping by a cafe to read books. Alea’s plan was roughly along those lines.

‘There seems to be a heavy emphasis on reading.’

Reading books, huh? Helmut had never opened a book unless he was at the academy.

Sitting idly and reading wasn’t really Helmut’s cup of tea.

But what choice did he have? He nodded.

“Let’s do it this way.”

“Great.”

Alea smiled brightly. A tingling sensation surged through his heart at that radiant smile.

He found it laughable how he had once blamed the seed of darkness or questioned his own heart. He now had a clear answer.

Soon, the two had lunch and sat down at a cafe. The cafe had various books available. It seemed to be a place where people could read books while enjoying drinks.

After purchasing numerous academic books at the bookstore, Alea stacked them on the table and suggested,

“There are also some light reading books here. Why don’t you pick one up and read it?”

She then promptly buried her nose in her newly bought books, her brows slightly furrowed in concentration.

This almost felt like Alea’s normal daily life, just with the addition of Helmut.

As Helmut glanced at the cafe’s bookshelves, he felt like he was being told to ‘start studying for exams now.’

‘It would probably help with grades.’

Perhaps this was her way of telling him in advance to start studying for exams.

In any case, he did get to spend time with her as he intended.

After randomly picking up a book titled ‘The Mansion Murder Case’ and reading it, Helmut thought he might actually be able to develop a taste for reading.

And so the day in Baden came to a close.



H.F.C Chapter 200 (Part 1):
				Liam Weiss, the dean of Greta Academy, was unusually safety-conscious for a mage.

Born into a prestigious noble family of Baden, he showed exceptional magical talent at an early age.

Even with his outstanding abilities recognized at Greta Academy, he merely aspired to achieve reasonably well as a mage.

Yes, just enough to elevate his family’s honor. No undue risks, just smooth sailing. That was his way of life.

Becoming the academy’s dean was almost predetermined.

Liam Weiss walked his path in a commendable and diligent manner, without overexerting himself.

But then, a change came into his life as well. They say people are drawn to opposites, after all.

It was inevitable that he would lose his heart to someone daring and adventurous.

Heike, two years his senior, was a dazzlingly beautiful and bold mage.

And she was quite perceptive too. Realizing early on that Liam Weiss had fallen for her, she toyed with him throughout their school days.

Liam Weiss ended up being strung along by her like a fool.

It was only around Heike’s graduation that Liam Weiss bitterly accepted that he was merely one fish in Heike’s pond.

That she did not see him as more than an endearing junior – a conclusion he reached after much anguish.

Heike disappeared, and he thought he would never meet her again.

Even when he heard she had become the target of the temple, even when he failed at married life and divorced.

But when Heike reappeared and approached him,

‘Please take care of my granddaughter. The poor child lost her parents.’

Liam Weiss could not refuse her request.

Unlike himself, he agreed to take in Alea, risking potential clashes with the temple.

Of course, it was not an easy decision. But Heike helped him make up his mind.

Heike had much leverage over his weaknesses.

Like the poignant, even embarrassing love letters Liam Weiss had written her, for instance.

Heike would happily wave them in front of him, laughing merrily – a smile reminiscent of her past self.

‘It would be so fun if I posted these on the academy’s bulletin board, don’t you think?’

It was not for nostalgic memories of first love. Liam simply could not bear such humiliation –

The thought of his pure feelings being trampled underfoot amidst snickering students. He had to curse his infatuated past self.

Naturally, he could not feel good about Alea either.

Despite her striking resemblance to Heike, occasionally evoking past memories.

Fortunately, Alea’s personality was completely different from Heike’s. A very cold and aloof girl.

Or maybe she did take after her. Heike was a witch with a heart of ice, after all.

Alea was a diligent and sincere student, with talent exceeding even Heike’s.

So much so that the dean himself found it understandable to have admitted her while disguised as a boy.

‘Yes, accepting a talented student is also good for the academy.’

Although Heike had become an enemy of the temple, she was a proud archmage bearing Greta Academy’s name.

Regardless of what became of her later, having produced an archmage alone was a great honor for the academy.

Liam Weiss hoped Alea would graduate smoothly, ending this arduous process forced upon him.

But it did not go his way. Upon receiving yet another message from Heike today, he cupped his face in his hands.

“Heike.”

[‘So that’s what happened. Well, it shouldn’t be much of a problem.’]

“Heike.”

Liam Weiss pinched the bridge of his nose hard.

“Are you telling me to overlook the death of a High Priest?”

[‘There was no choice. Those bastards recognized my granddaughter and tried to take her away.’]

She had no choice but to kill the High Priest. The ones who had unexpectedly encountered Alea tried to recognize and abduct her. The boy with her had fought alongside. That was Heike’s explanation.

Heike had admirably covered for the unintended extent of Alea and the boy’s actions.

When the temple learned of the High Priest’s disappearance, they would undoubtedly contact Baden.

Heike judged it better to inform the dean first.

And upon hearing her story, the dean felt not just difficulty, but shock.

‘Did I button it wrong from the start?’

He thought he only had to admit her granddaughter and look after her at the academy, but the situation kept escalating. It snowballed instantly.

For Liam Weiss, who lacked boldness and only dreamed the humble dream of being an academy dean, this was an overwhelming predicament.

Liam Weiss spoke carefully.

“I understand you had no choice. Then you must also understand that I have no choice?”

[‘My, are you really going to rat them out to the temple? Doesn’t the dean of Greta Academy have any pride as a mage? To grovel so much before the temple!’]

“There was a way to resolve this without killing him.”

[‘A way for my granddaughter to be unable to graduate from the academy and have to hide in fear? What about the innocent boy who was with her? Are you saying to pin the crime the official was involved in on that blameless kid?’]

“It would be better for the two of them to suspend their studies and hide, rather than murder a High Priest.”

[‘It’s better for you too this way. Since you’re the dean of Greta Academy who admitted my granddaughter, you can’t avoid responsibility. You can’t claim you didn’t recognize her as my granddaughter.’]

“As you said, I am the dean of Greta Academy. I can handle that myself.”

Liam Weiss shook his head defiantly.

“If you keep resorting to murder by force, how are you any different from a black mage?”

[‘I only kill those who threaten me, as you know. Liam, you know very well how I threatened you.’]

“That’s true.”

When they met again, Heike had infiltrated all the way to Liam Baise’s office. Liam didn’t notice her approach.

Heike could do anything to Liam. Control him, cast a curse to threaten his life, anything. That was the power of a great magician.

But Heike did not do that.

Instead, like before, she playfully waved the love letters he had sent her in the past in front of him with a smiling face, demanding a choice.

It felt like an even greater threat than a threat to his life.



H.F.C Chapter 200 (Part 2):
				In any case, that’s why Liam Weiss decided to help her. He had also heard the reasons why she had become a public enemy of the temple.

“…Alright. I’ll accept your words that you had no choice. I will turn a blind eye to this matter. However, if a similar situation occurs again, Alea will not be able to attend the academy.”

[Well, that child has also achieved decent results. Soon, Liam, you’ll also hear some news from the Mages’ Guild.]

“What news is that?”

It was a suspicious look wondering if she had caused another incident. Heike shrugged lightly.

[The heir to the legacy of the Archmage Lampione has appeared.]

“What? That can’t be.”

[Yes, be proud as the dean to have such a student.]

A large extra-dimensional space like Lampione’s Dungeon affects other extra-dimensional spaces. Through those ripples, the Mages’ Guild was able to detect the changes that occurred in Lampione’s Dungeon.

It just took time to detect the ripples spreading slowly, but they could estimate the point of change quite accurately.

The dean already knew that Alea was away on this assignment. It was better to let him know in advance before he guessed.

Liam Weiss muttered in admiration.

“Another great mage will emerge from Greta Academy.”

[It was destined. Just accelerated. But…]

Heike tilted her head.

[Don’t you feel greedy or jealous?]

“That must be what you’re feeling. Even towards your own granddaughter.”

Heike, who was interested in Lampione’s magic, chuckled.

She was already planning to coax Alea into reading Lampione’s magic books anyway.

[Not the latter, but the former is correct. That’s why you can’t become a great mage.]

“I’m satisfied with this position. Heike, I hope you’ll contact me with good news next time.”

[Well then, farewell. Take good care of Alea. You know I’m always grateful to you?]

Heike smiled sweetly. After ending the communication, Liam brought his hand to his brow.

“I suppose so, indeed.”

All that was left was a sigh and worries.

The mission assignment period, which was exhilarating at first, was slowly coming to an end.

The second-year students who had left for Baden were returning to Greta Academy, no exceptions.

It didn’t seem like the disappearance of the High Priest had spread as a rumor yet. At least not to the students. They all had carefree faces.

The forest where the High Priest was killed was about a week’s travel from Baden. It was not yet time for those eyes to reach Baden.

With other students’ eyes on them, Helmut and Alea had to stop dating.

It was around the time when Helmut was reading the 7th gloomy book titled ‘The Secret of the Wooden Doll’.

“You know? Don’t make a mistake. Act like nothing happened.”

Alea cautioned Helmut. Of course, even though they were dating, they couldn’t show it. Otherwise, Alea’s gender would be suspected.

For some reason, the gazes directed at each other, or the changing eyes and tone. They had to adjust those subtly.

Actually, Helmut didn’t have a big problem. He wasn’t the type to show things easily.

The problem was Alea. Everyone knew that she treated Helmut specially, but it became more obvious.

“Should we pretend to have fought?”

Alea asked seriously. Helmut didn’t think it was a good idea. He didn’t want Alea to shun him.

In fact, the other guys weren’t a big deal. The two noisy ones around were the problem. Moreover, one of them was quite perceptive.

Asuka and Sian had also returned to Baden. The two blabbermouths had become as close as a pair of dung beetles.

As soon as they arrived, they grabbed Helmut and excitedly babbled about the trivial incidents that had happened to them.

“Yeah, this tiny carp just leapt up in that valley!”

“Could it have been the valley’s guardian or something?”

After rambling on, Sian tilted his head and asked.

“You guys came back a bit early, didn’t you? You left pretty quickly.”

“Ah, the mission ended smoothly.”

“You were just messing around in Baden? It must be nice having Alea around.”

“We were eating the assignment.”

Asuka grumbled. But he had also left Sian in charge of the report.

“But, um, something is…”

Looking back and forth between Helmut and the nonchalantly sitting Alea, Sian made a suspicious expression.

“The atmosphere is strange? It’s like you’re close but also distant. What’s this feeling?”

Helmut and Alea were together. Normally, if these two showed up, Alea would have already left, but for some reason, she didn’t leave and just stood there.

The two were standing quite close together. The previous distance was gone without a trace.

“I’ll be going then.”

The stung Alea coldly left her spot. Glancing at her, Asuka blurted out,

“Did you guys fight?”

“Yeah, they fought and made up!”

Sian clapped as if he had just figured it out. Nodding his head, he asked,

“Why did you fight?”

“Well…”

Helmut watched Alea’s departing figure silently.

The secret was revealed, but another secret was born.

And so, the assignment came to a safe conclusion.



H.F.C Chapter 201 (Part 1):
				The Preliminaries

The assignments were completed, and the second semester was slowly entering its latter half.

Those who had struggled during the midterms were frantic to recover, while those who had done well were just as eager to finish strong.

Regardless, Greta Academy was a prestigious institution where fierce competition prevailed. Even amidst laughter and good spirits, a sharp tension concerning grades always lingered.

Particularly now, with the comprehensive swordsmanship tournament approaching, the atmosphere in the swordsmanship department was notably tense.

Regardless of who competed, they had to win against the other academies. It would be even better if they could compete themselves.

Especially for nobles, it was a great opportunity to elevate the honor of themselves and their families.

A strong performance in the comprehensive swordsmanship tournament would naturally reveal one’s family and status, regardless of Greta Academy’s policies.

The second-year swordsmanship students, who were virtually assured participants, appeared relatively relaxed compared to other years.

That morning, they gathered in small groups before class to chat.

“This year’s sudden comprehensive swordsmanship tournament… I wonder who will compete, but we definitely have to win.”

“You would have had a chance if Greta Academy hadn’t participated! Just imagine saying that.”

“We really need to put those other academy kids in their place. Honestly, the students from the academy next door have been particularly annoying.”

“Haha! Right.”

Lately, the comprehensive swordsmanship tournament was a hot topic.

After the assignment period ended, these students had boastfully compared how they spent their assignment weeks and the impressive assignments they undertook.

Now, the conversation had shifted entirely.

“Two participants total will be selected from the first, second and third years combined?”

“Yeah, but there’s no way Helmut would lose to a first-year, so he’s definitely going to be on the selection list.”

“It’s like you’re saying it’s natural for Helmut to represent our year.”

“And why not?”

“You know, there are a few ambitious ones. They’ve been hanging around the training ground a lot lately.”

“It’s true. What difference will it make trying so hard now?”

Everyone casually glanced towards Helmut. The undisputed top of the second year. The first in rank, Helmut. It was unlikely his position would be challenged before his graduation from the academy.

Everyone knew Helmut was beyond the skills of a mere instructor. Thus, his participation was almost a given, but that didn’t mean there were no expectations of an upset.

Some top-ranked students, including Asuka, had been frequently seen at the training grounds recently. It seemed they were aiming for that unlikely upset.
