“Let’s go.”



H.F.C Chapter 283 (Part 2):

Helmut naturally took Alea’s hand and led her forward.

Suddenly, the festival from four years ago came to mind. It was now an old memory.

Alea looked down at his wrist. Something was briefly visible between the cuffs of his clothes.

She remembered something she had forgotten.

“You’re still wearing that bracelet?”

“Because I didn’t lose it.”

Even though he lost his sword, no, they probably didn’t know what that bracelet meant.

Alea placed her hand on Helmut’s bracelet. Her magical power seeped into the bracelet in white.

“It’s still usable. We should be able to communicate over short distances. We won’t be able to project images like we did outside, but.”

“We can at least talk?”

[Yes, like this.]

Helmut, hearing the voice transmitted by magic, asked back.

“Then what about me?”

“You can’t speak to me from your side. The demonic energy in the air is too strong for that function to work.”

“That seems one-sided.”

“Just being able to use it to this extent in the Forest of Roots is impressive.”

Alea raised her eyebrows as if he didn’t understand.

A faint smile spread across Helmut’s lips.

“Still, we won’t be walking the whole way, right? Why don’t you let go? We need to hurry too. The other directions won’t be as problematic.”

Feeling a bit embarrassed, Alea called for the golem.

The golem, which had been following them somewhat awkwardly, spread its wings wide.

As Alea climbed onto the golem’s back, she said:

“Let me make this clear, I’m not suggesting we go together just the two of us with the intention of having a leisurely date.

Although I said not to push ourselves, it’s still ideal for the Adamantium in all four directions of the barrier to be activated. I can’t afford to fail on my end.”

Her tone suggested that her pride wouldn’t allow it.

“You haven’t changed.”

Helmut followed Alea onto the golem’s back.

He naturally placed his hand on Alea’s shoulder, who was sitting in front.

“…What are you doing?”

“There doesn’t seem to be anywhere else to hold onto.”

“Don’t you see the handgrip in front?”

“I don’t see it.”

Alea briefly turned her head to glare at Helmut, who was responding shamelessly.

However, she soon turned back to the front, as if giving up.

“We’ll fly along the barrier. If no major problems occur, we should be able to arrive within two days.”

“Alright.”

Helmut responded halfheartedly.

Alea’s shoulders were surprisingly small and delicate.

Charlotte was also a woman, but she was lean and firm from sword training, unlike Alea.

Alea, with her magic undone, was tall for a woman, but she was a slender beauty.

Even when she used magic, how could everyone have thought Alea was a man?

Doubt suddenly arose.

“When did you reveal to them that you’re a woman?”

“Just before coming here.”

“…So no one knew at the academy?”

“Of course not.”

Alea was confident, but Helmut felt something was off somehow.

“After I disappeared, did you often hang out with Asuka and Sian?”

“No, we barely even spoke. What reason would I have to hang out with those guys? I just told them to work hard on improving their skills.”

It was a resolute answer, almost cold. Yes, this was Alea. Helmut finally relaxed his expression.

Soon, the golem took off, its new form soaring into the sky. It began to fly along the barrier, wings spread wide.

A long yet short adventure of a few days lay ahead of them, with the goal of leaving the Forest of Roots.

*

Flying along the barrier was a peaceful and quiet time.

Helmut and Alea spent a long time talking.

Surprisingly quickly, the four-year gap in time crumbled away.

Even the slight awkwardness soon disappeared as if washed away.

Although Alea and Helmut might appear to have different personalities on the surface, they fundamentally have rock-solid characters. Even though they had grown, their essence remained unchanged.

Alea, listening to the stories of what had happened, spoke as if teasing:

“Really, you’ve done nothing but train here.”

“There’s nothing else to do here but train.”

“If it were me, I would have had more things to do. Like researching demonic beasts.”

A gleam flashed across Alea’s eyes.

It was a look that somehow suggested she might have captured demonic beasts and researched them by inflicting pain and dissecting them.

Helmut changed the subject.

“More importantly, it seems the temperature is dropping.”

He said this after noticing Alea’s cheeks, exposed outside her collar, turning pale.

In fact, even Helmut, who was insensitive to cold, could feel the air getting colder.

Even though they were flying at a not very high altitude, at some point the wind touching their skin had become chilly.

Frost could be seen forming on the metallic golem.

“Is it because we’re heading north?”

Although he had lived in the Forest of Roots for a long time, Helmut had only grown up in the central region. The north was particularly unfamiliar.

Alea suddenly asked:

“By any chance, do you know about the world map?”

“World map?”

“The map from before the Forest of Roots was created, that is, the ancient map from before the Demon King War. The temple considers it forbidden, but Archmage Antiol had it.”

“Why that map?”

“If you look at that map, there’s a sea north of the Forest of Roots. Inside the barrier, according to the map. Seeing how it’s getting colder, that sea is probably frozen.”

“A sea?”

Helmut pronounced the word unfamiliarly.

He had never imagined a sea in the Forest of Roots. In the Forest of Roots, full of ashen skies and bizarre trees, the word ‘sea’ was as unfamiliar as ‘desert’.

“Even in the Forest of Roots, water isn’t polluted, so the northern sea must be full of clear ice and icebergs. It must be beautiful.”

Alea turned to him and smiled.

“Actually, I wanted to see that scenery with you. Even if leaving the barrier is important, it’s okay to enjoy that much pleasure, right?”

At that bright smile, Helmut was momentarily lost for words. It was dazzling.



H.F.C Chapter 284 (Part 1):

The flight of just a few days was peaceful and smooth.

The sacred barrier curved gently inward, causing the golem to maintain a slight distance from the barrier, flying at a not-too-high altitude.

From the moment they left the east and entered fully into the northern region, the ground below began to appear white.

A white that seemed to have dyed the whole world. No, it was silver.

A familiar color to Helmut.

Helmut pulled on the silver hair fluttering before his eyes like a child would.

Alea turned around.

“What are you doing?”

“It’s like you.”

Alea, realizing what he meant, smiled slightly.

“Are you bored? Just hang on a little longer, we’re almost there.”

As she said, it was tedious sitting on the golem, unable to train with his sword, just flying endlessly.

Even the novelty of the scenery wore off after a few hours.

Clearly, flying was not Helmut’s preferred mode of travel.

“How far have we come?”

They had descended to rest only once. Except for that brief nap, the golem had been flying continuously.

As a result, they were approaching the northern end faster than planned.

Perhaps because they were near the sacred barrier, there were no attacks from demonic beasts like when they came from the east.

When they came from the east, Elaga, the ruler of the central region, was rushing at an insane speed, so everything else fled with their tails between their legs.

“We should reach our destination in just a few hours.”

Alea squinted her eyes, gauging the position of the sun.

The sky here was quite clear.

“There’s one thing you should know. Below us now is the sea. It’s a frozen sea.”

The landscape below was a mix of snow-covered ice and large, unfrozen patches of water, like enormous lakes.

Green icebergs floated on top, revealing the transparent water beneath.

He never thought he’d see such a landscape in the Forest of Roots. It was unfamiliar and beautiful.

“When I was young, I always thought about escaping from the Forest of Roots.”

The Forest of Roots was a world of constant gray.

He thought travel was only possible in the human world.

“I only realized when I saw the map. That the barrier would be over the sea. I thought it would be only a forest since it’s called the Forest of Roots.”

“We did well to come north.”

“Yes, but even though the ice is thick, I’m not sure if it could support Elaga’s weight.”

And no matter how powerful Elaga is, it wouldn’t be easy to fight the ruler of the north while floundering in the water.

Alea soon frowned as if realizing something.

“It would be nice if the core of the barrier is on the water’s surface, but if not, we might have to dive.”

That dive was the problem.

Helmut can’t get too close to the sacred barrier.

So Alea would have to dive, but at the moment of contact with the sacred barrier, she can’t use magic to preserve her body temperature.

‘Even though she’s wearing a robe, it means she has to jump into that ice-cold water practically naked.’

This moment will be chilling to the bone.

Alea briefly wondered if there could have been a better arrangement. But it was too late for regrets.

This was the best option. Besides, it wasn’t feasible to bring along an unreliable girl like Sarah and have her dive into the freezing sea.

“Can’t the golem do it instead?”

“No. The sacred barrier disrupts all magical effects. It could float on the water as a boat though.”

Helmut, who suddenly found himself with nothing to do, said after a while.

“…On the way back, I’ll make sure to fight hard.”

The path from the north to the central region would certainly not be safe, even in the sky. Because it would be outside the influence of the sacred barrier.

“Yes, that’s after we finish the job, so rest until then.”

Perhaps they might even have to fight Kantara, the ruler of the northern region.

But they didn’t reach the northern end as smoothly as expected.

It happened just as they were passing over the only unfrozen lake in the frozen sea.

A flash of light shot up from below.

Kuwang!

Water splashed violently. Something was fired with a roar like a cannonball.

It was aimed directly at the golem carrying Alea and Helmut.

Fortunately, the transformed golem, a masterpiece of Archmage Lampione, was designed to protect itself or avoid attacks.

The golem twisted its body sharply. The body leaned to one side. The fired object grazed past near the wing.

Alea looked down urgently while trying to maintain balance.

“What’s this? What’s going on.”

This couldn’t possibly be a natural phenomenon.

But even she felt chilled by the sudden attack without any warning.

Helmut, squinting at the passing lump, muttered.

“It’s ice.”



H.F.C Chapter 284 (Part 2):

Alea spoke quickly, as if shooting back.

“Ice? Did a demonic beast shoot it up from that water? Why is it in a place like this? This is near the barrier!”

“It’s because it’s underwater.”

It was a chilling realization.

Water purifies demonic energy, but it acts similarly on holy power.

In other words, if you’re in the water, the influence of holy power might not be so strong even near the barrier.

That’s why he didn’t pass through the waterfall when he crossed the sacred barrier. At that time, he was protected by Igrelle’s demonic energy until he approached the barrier.

Alea immediately understood his words.

“Then, even in that place close to the core of the barrier…”

“Yes, there could be demonic beasts there too. And if it’s strong, it could approach very close to the barrier.”

They were very rare human prey in the Forest of Roots. They were opponents worth taking risks for demonic beasts.

For the first time, a look of dismay crossed Alea’s face. This was a problem she hadn’t calculated.

While they were talking briefly, the golem had regained its balance and was flying through the sky.

But below was still the lake. The water color tinged with the characteristic ash color of the Forest of Roots.

The water below rippled ominously. It wasn’t a natural wave.

Helmut warned.

“It’s not over. Be careful, they’re coming.”

Kwang! Kwang! Kwaggang!

No sooner had he finished speaking than several ice chunks were fired up from below in succession.

A force that would instantly crush flesh and shatter bones upon impact.

No matter how sturdy this golem is, if hit, it couldn’t avoid crashing.

As the golem twisted and turned to avoid the barrage, another wave of attacks followed.

As if they had been charging up power, even more ice chunks were flying towards them.

This is the sky. There’s nowhere to land. It was a crisis.

With only a few hours left to their destination!

*

At the time when they were in crisis, Igrelle and Charlotte had arrived near the southern barrier.

As expected, no demonic beasts in the southern region, ruled by Igrelle, dared to block their path.

They had reached their destination as smoothly as Sian, who had already arrived in the east and was taking a long nap in front of the barrier.

[Aiko, my wings are stiff.]

Despite having wasted time lounging in the central region, Igrelle complained exaggeratedly.

“We’ve already arrived. It’s amazing. I didn’t know it was possible to move so safely and quickly in this Forest of Roots.”

Charlotte said, seemingly impressed.

Due to her personality, she wasn’t one to exaggerate and usually spoke plainly.

So when she praised, it sounded more like the truth.

When Charlotte, a beauty with crow-black hair that shone, though not as brightly as Alea’s, said such things, Igrelle felt unnecessarily proud.

[Yes, it is amazing. Now, we’ll need to activate that Adamantium or whatever soon, so why don’t you check the location?]

At Igrelle’s suggestion, Charlotte took out the Adamantium.

The place they had landed was on the ground.

To the right, a vast stream of gushing water could be seen. At its end was a waterfall, where the water could be seen bending below the horizon.

Fortunately, the light emanating from the Adamantium pointed somewhere on the ground, not in that direction.

Unlike Alea, she didn’t need to dive into the water.

But Charlotte’s gaze was still fixed on the waterfall. As if she had realized something.

“It’s over there.”

[Over there? Ah, yes. That’s where that Helmut guy left the Forest of Roots.]

Charlotte had asked Alea about Helmut, but she had kept silent.

But after they had fully become comrades, on the way to the central region, Alea opened up.

On the back of the golem, she told the story of Helmut.

How he had lived in the Forest of Roots, how he had left the Forest of Roots.

“When he left the Forest of Roots, Senior Helmut was fourteen. To cross this Forest of Roots risking his life and jumping into that waterfall. How much bone-grinding training must he have done? How much courage must he have needed?”

To find the mother who abandoned him. To return to where he was born.

Fighting against Naho, the ruler of the eastern region, and even standing proudly in front of Igrelle, the ruler of the southern region, convincing it with dignity.

Charlotte repeated this heavily.

But it was Renosa’s family who ruined it all.

Sometimes blood relatives can be crueler than strangers, but this is not something that can be justified by such words.

Especially for Charlotte, whose life was saved by Helmut, as a member of that family and his blood relative, this fact still tore at her heart.

Perhaps it would have been better if his mother had left no trace for him to find, nothing to remember her by, not even the name he was given.

Having spent the past few days in the central region, hearing the stories of these humans, Igrelle, who had been lounging around, muttered with a hint of indifference.

[I don’t get it. I’m a demonic beast, so I don’t understand these things. Why do humans want to go back to their parents? If you’re strong enough to stand on your own, isn’t that enough? Once you’re out, why not just live freely? It doesn’t make sense to me.]

“I don’t understand it either. Because I’ve never experienced it. If you haven’t gone through something, you can’t truly say you understand it.”

[So, what are you going to do? After leaving the Forest of Roots, I mean.]

“I’ll know when the time comes. But one thing is certain, I won’t betray Senior Helmut.”

Igrelle looked at Charlotte with indecipherable eyes.

Humans have something that demonic beasts don’t. That attracted Igrelle. It stimulated its inherent curiosity.

After a while, Igrelle said in a nonchalant voice.

[Well, anyway, we have some time left, so why don’t you groom my feathers?]

“…Yes.”



H.F.C Chapter 285 (Part 1):

‘Could I actually die from this?’

Asuka thought. It wasn’t a pessimistic thought. It was remarkable that he hadn’t lost consciousness and fallen off already.

Every time Elaga’s foot touched the ground, it shook Asuka from his intestines to his bone marrow. His entire body, colliding with Elaga’s back, felt as if it had been pummeled.

He tried to suggest taking a break, but every time he tried to speak, he almost bit his tongue.

Naturally, Elaga was focused solely on reaching the destination and didn’t care at all about the condition of the human on its back.

Of course, if it were Sarah or Susan on its back, it would have been a different story.

But what he was carrying was a big, sturdy-looking guy.

‘When will we arrive? Why is this cursed forest so vast!’

It was clearly supposed to be a short journey of just a few days. But even a short journey feels different when you’re enduring such torture.

That wasn’t the time to worry about pride.

During a brief rest stop on the journey, Elaga gave Asuka a puzzled look as he lay sprawled on the ground, panting.

[You’re a weak one, unlike Helmut.]

“Who are you calling weak!”

Asuka burst out angrily, still lying down.

“This is, no, no problem for me! I’m just a little motion sick, that’s all!”

Asuka immediately regretted his bravado.

[Hmm, is that so? You’re fine then? But weren’t you one of Helmut’s subordinates? You’ve got quite a temper.]

“I’m not. Why would I be his subordinate?”

[You’re weaker than Helmut, aren’t you?]

Asuka gritted his teeth.

“Being weaker is… true, but we’re friends, not subordinates. We’re fellow students. That’s not how it works.”

Elaga asked, as if agreeing.

[How was Helmut at that Academy or whatever? I heard he was first in his class.]

The question somehow gave off a parent-like vibe.

What would a demonic beast know about human academy life?

But being alone with a giant leopard exuding demonic energy, even Asuka couldn’t help feeling intimidated.

‘Right, it raised Helmut after all.’

Asuka spoke, feeling it was only right to answer.

“That guy joined midway… but there was something about him—an aura, cold, pretty-looking. Other guys tried to pick on him because he was a commoner, but he’d beat them up.”

[Is that so? Was he a troublemaker then?]

“No, I’m the troublemaker. Helmut only fought those who provoked him.”

Asuka was surprisingly self-aware.

“Helmut was an honor student. Good grades, diligent, highly regarded by the instructors. His skills were overwhelming, after all. He even represented the academy in a swordsmanship tournament, well. I wasn’t sure then, but Helmut was the strongest swordsman in Greta Academy, no, in Baden. Including the instructors.”

Elaga’s mouth corners lifted into a grin. It was the expression of a doting parent pleased to hear praise for their child.

Feeling somewhat annoyed, Asuka grumbled.

“So what if he is, with his dark eyes and dark hair, fierce gaze, and old man-like demeanor. He never talks about himself, always brooding and caught up in his thoughts. He never looked like he was only fifteen.”

[He’s always been like that. A young one who never smiled, always focused on that training or whatever. Saying he needed to get stronger to leave the forest.

After meeting that Darien or whoever, he was always building muscle, practicing swordsmanship, sweating buckets. Well, he did grow a lot then.]

“Darien? You mean the Sword Saint Darien?”

Asuka’s eyes lit up.

He had heard a brief account of Helmut’s master from Alea, but even she knew very little about Darien.

[Yeah, that human took Helmut as a disciple…]

“Forget Helmut, I’d like to hear about Darien.”

[Darien? They say he’s called the Sword Saint in the human world. That one was truly strong. Even Naho couldn’t do anything against him.]

Elaga answered Asuka’s question readily.

It had been a while since it had a conversation with a new partner.

Especially when it came to gossiping about others, the two got along well.

However, because they had spent so much time chatting, they had to rush without taking any further breaks.

It was a journey from the eastern end to the western end. Asuka and Elaga’s group had the longest distance to travel.

So it was natural for Elaga to hurry.

‘We haven’t rested since then.’

But Asuka, clinging to the fur of the giant leopard without a saddle, began to care less and less about such circumstances.

He had been consuming Vis just to hold onto Elaga’s back. Using Vis for something like this!

‘It might be better to jump off and fight demonic beasts.’

No sooner had Asuka thought this than Elaga suddenly stopped.

Asuka’s body lurched forward as if about to fly off. His hands clutched Elaga’s fur as if about to tear it out.

‘Damn leopard!’

However, as soon as Asuka regained his balance, he stiffened, sensing something.

He felt a dense, heavy demonic energy.



H.F.C Chapter 285 (Part 2):

There weren’t many demonic beasts that could exude such demonic

energy and reveal their presence in front of Elaga.

Goosebumps rose on his skin. A powerful enemy, it was sensed by instinct before conscious perception.

A vibration ran through the ground.

Rustle.

Something huge emerged from between the trees ahead, lumbering.

The moment Asuka caught sight of it, he startled.

It was a tiger.

A massive body with black stripes gleaming on golden-yellow fur.

Its sharp, snow-white teeth looked capable of instantly severing the windpipe of its prey.

Though both were felines, it was different from Elaga. Those two eyes filled with such ferocity that one’s heart might stop upon encountering them in the darkness.

If one were to imagine what the ruler of a territory in the Forest of Roots might look like, this would be it.

It stopped, maintaining a cautious distance. It was the one who spoke first.

[Well, well, isn’t it Elaga? What brings you to my territory?]

This was the first time Asuka had heard a demonic beast’s voice filled with such blatant hostility.

It was said to be fierce, and indeed, it was brimming with ferocious energy. Even Igrelle seemed docile in comparison.

‘This one definitely looks like a villain.’

Asuka quietly stepped down behind Elaga’s back. He wanted to avoid being exposed to its gaze.

But it had already noticed Asuka’s presence.

[What’s this human you’ve brought? The barrier shook recently. Is this a gift for me?]

Baharek made a sound as if laughing. The growling in its throat sounded chilling. Elaga replied indifferently.

[As if. The only thing I’ll be shoving down your throat is dirt. I’m just passing through, so move aside. I’ll leave once I’m done.]

‘Is this leopard looking for a fight from the start?’

Asuka stared at the back of Elaga’s head. For someone in another’s territory, its tone was provocative.

But Elaga was a demonic beast. It wasn’t the type to speak kindly to someone weaker who was hostile.

[Elaga, are you looking down on me just because you took down Naho? How dare you set foot in my territory!]

Baharek revealed its killing intent.

Four years ago, Baharek was slightly, but still, stronger than Elaga.

It was a minor advantage, just as Elaga was stronger than Naho. Usually, tigers are stronger than leopards.

Baharek was accustomed to this advantage. In other words, even though it sensed that Elaga might be stronger now, it couldn’t fully accept it.

It was a demonic beast that had awakened to its demonic nature, so its self-awareness was strong enough to overcome instinct.

[I’m not looking down on you, I just need to pass through, okay? I’ll just stop by the western end and leave right away, so why don’t you just leave me be? Don’t meow uselessly when you can’t win anyway.]

Despite being from the same feline family, Elaga spoke as if treating Baharek like a house cat.

Baharek’s eyes instantly turned savage.

[You white cat who used to cower before me four years ago!]

[Who was cowering? I just didn’t bother with you because your temperament was so foul. You yellow cat!]

Elaga seemed to bristle at being called a cat, despite having used the term first. Apparently, being called a cat is insulting to leopards and tigers.

As Asuka stood there feeling peculiar, he suddenly heard Elaga’s voice.

[Hey, blue hair. Listen without opening your mouth. We’re almost there. Just a bit further from here. I’ll deal with that one, you just run towards the barrier. Some demonic beasts might appear on the way. You can handle that much, right?]

It was a question that wasn’t really a question. A moment where he had to succeed no matter what.

Even Elaga didn’t know how strong the demonic beasts that would appear ahead might be.

Baharek was relatively tolerant of other demonic beasts living in its territory, after all.

Although the dense forest limited visibility, the energy of the sacred barrier couldn’t be felt yet.

Elaga’s definition of ‘just a bit further’ was likely different from Asuka’s standard.

But there was no other option. If Elaga fought with Baharek, the ensuing battle would be massive. Asuka needed to get out of the way.

‘Luckily, I can still gauge the direction.’

Instead of answering, Asuka nodded.

At any rate, getting off Elaga’s back was a good thing. Facing demonic beasts seemed preferable now.

[Good, then slip away to the side. I’ll keep that one busy.]

As soon as Elaga finished speaking, Asuka moved his feet. Just as he moved a little away, pitch-black demonic energy rose from Elaga’s body.

The atmosphere crackled with a tension that signaled an imminent battle. Elaga spoke provocatively.

[How long are you going to just flap your gums?]

[Elaga.]

Baharek growled Elaga’s name. The insignificant human was already out of its mind.

The ground Elaga was standing on now belonged to Baharek, and Elaga was an intruder who had invaded its territory.

That was disrespecting Baharek, the ruler of this western region. Elaga had to be punished accordingly.

[Yes, I’ve been curious too. Just how strong have you gotten?]

Demonic energy exploded from Baharek. It was such dense demonic energy that its entire body appeared black.

[Five years ago, was it? It reminds me of that time.]

Elaga’s mouth curved into a smile. It was a fierce smile no less than Baharek’s.

About five years ago, at that time, Naho had almost killed Helmut. Elaga, arriving late, fought against Naho, tore Naho apart, and took its core.

The victor then was Elaga. And this time would undoubtedly be the same. Because Elaga had become even stronger since then.

‘I’ll end this as quickly as possible.’

Elaga arrogantly commanded.

[Come at me.]

ROAR!

A fierce roar shook the air.



H.F.C Chapter 286 (Part 1):

Kwaang! Roaaar!

Crash, Crackle!

The sound of a violent clash echoed through the forest, accompanied by the noise of trees being shattered.

It felt like a gust of wind was blowing. A gust of demonic energy.

It was rare to feel such a vivid and strong collision of demonic energy in the Forest of Roots, which was full of demonic energy.

‘Phew, I think I’m far enough away now.’

Asuka, who had been running at full speed without even trying to hide his presence at some point, let out a sigh of relief.

The two demonic beasts were so huge that if he had stayed nearby and gotten crushed, it would have been a pointless death.

Fortunately, Baharek didn’t care at all where the human Elaga had brought moved.

It was fortunate that it had a personality that considered humans trivial.

Of course, Elaga was also a powerful enough opponent to prevent Baharek from being distracted.

‘The world of demonic beasts is brutal as hell.’

Asuka had rarely seen demonic beasts in the outside world.

Although he had seen similar creatures through illusions during the academy test, the real demonic beasts exceeded his imagination.

His whole body stiffened with tension, and his heart raced automatically.

Although Asuka was brave enough not to be paralyzed with fear, the psychological pressure was tremendous.

‘No wonder that Helmut guy is so fearless.’

Asuka glanced back at the fight behind him and hurried on his way.

He continued westward.

The sooner he got closer to the sacred barrier, the better it would be for him. This was, after all, the Forest of Roots!

The youthful bravado of wanting to fight anyone that appeared was long gone.

‘That leopard called Elaga will win, right? What should I do if it loses?’

He absolutely couldn’t go back through the western region again.

In that case, he would have to go out of the Forest of Roots through the western barrier.

For Asuka, who didn’t possess the Seed of Darkness and was a skilled swordsman with considerable Vis, it wasn’t impossible.

Having made his decision, Asuka quickly moved his legs.

Even if there were demonic beasts nearby, they would have probably run away since those two were fighting like that. If not…

‘…What’s this?’

Asuka, who had been quickly moving while staying alert, suddenly stopped. Something felt off about the atmosphere.

This silence where not even the sound of insects could be heard. The demonic energy filling the air was rustling lightly like grass, as if something was lurking.

‘What kind of creature is it?’

Goosebumps covered his entire body.

At least on an instinctual level, he was no less than Helmut. His animal-like senses told Asuka. An enemy was close by!

Thump thump thump.

Due to its huge body, it couldn’t hide its sound. A demonic beast approaching from the other side, climbing trees, became visible.

It seemed to be grabbing the tree trunks rather than branches and leaping across.

Asuka reached for his sword.

It jumped down to the ground about ten paces in front of him.

Thud!

The ground was dented.

Kirrrrr.

It made a bizarre sound and twisted its head.

‘Wow, that’s really something out of a nightmare.’

Even while thinking calmly, his legs trembled. It was a monkey with three heads.

Its red and vicious face had prominent blood vessels. It was truly a nightmarish appearance. A nightmare that would make you wake up startled as soon as you saw it!

The monkey demonic beast drooled while looking at Asuka.

A human. Food. A delicious piece of meat. A mere prey.

This was a natural fact for the demonic beasts of the Forest of Roots.

Now that the rulers of the two regions, Elaga and Baharek, were in conflict, the demonic beasts in this area had fled to avoid getting caught in the clash.

But the monkey demonic beast had approached this place after sensing Asuka’s presence.

This meant that it was strong enough to overcome its instincts, strong enough to approach this close.

Asuka didn’t know, but surprisingly, it was similar to the demonic beast that Helmut had dealt with during his journey.

Both being a monkey and having similar demonic energy. The monkey demonic beast from that time was capable of facing three rank 2 mercenaries alone.

Asuka immediately felt that the opponent was strong.

But he grinned.

“You think you can take me on? I should take down a demonic beast of this level to say I’ve been to the Forest of Roots.”

He had already met strong opponents to the point of being sick of them.

Helmut was a special friend to Asuka.

When Helmut was around, Asuka felt a wall. A wall he could never overcome no matter what.

Before he appeared, the academy was full of boring and dull people.

Even if someone was stronger than Asuka, he knew that with a bit of training, he could catch up in no time. Just about that level of guys.

Even in the Greta Academy’s Swordsmanship Department, which gathered only prodigies, Asuka’s skills and talent were outstanding.

But there were people all around who looked down on and provoked Asuka because he was a commoner. Whenever that happened, Asuka proved himself to them with his skills.

But Helmut was different from them.

The moment he first saw him, Asuka felt a chill.

He deliberately provoked him, but Helmut was indifferent. Eyes that looked at something trivial below him, devoid of emotion.

Frustratingly, that was the truth.

No matter how hard he tried, it didn’t seem like he could catch up to Helmut.

An opponent who not only worked endlessly but also surpassed him in talent. And yet, he didn’t try to suppress him, but rather reached out to help.



H.F.C Chapter 286 (Part 2):

Life at the academy with Helmut and his friends was enjoyable.

Asuka’s boredom and tedium disappeared as if washed away. As if his life had changed. Everything was full of enthusiasm.

Helmut’s appearance gave Asuka the motivation to become stronger. And after he disappeared, that motivation became even more intense.

When Alea told about Helmut’s circumstances, she said they needed to become stronger to save him.

For the past four years, Asuka hadn’t forgotten that proposition of needing to become stronger for a single moment.

Of course, it wasn’t as absolute as Helmut’s desire to leave the Forest of Roots.

But it was enough to awaken a genius swordsman like Asuka.

Asuka was now skilled enough to rival a rank 1 mercenary. That meant he was more powerful than three rank 2 mercenaries combined.

It’s because it’s more potent when strength is concentrated in one, rather than split into three. Especially for a swordsman.

‘This monkey demonic beast isn’t like Helmut.’

That means it’s a wall that can be overcome. No matter how strong the opponent, there’s a difference between being able to overcome and not being able to overcome.

And this creature had likely never faced a proper human swordsman.

Cut it down, and head towards the western sacred barrier. The conclusion was quickly reached.

‘Is this thing a middle manager under the ruler of the region? Probably…?’

Even in the Forest of Roots, surely creatures stronger than this one aren’t common.

‘If there are more, I’m dead meat, so I’ll just assume there isn’t.’

Thinking positively, Asuka drew his sword.

“How do you think monkey meat tastes like? Do you know? You seem like the type who’d eat your own kind.”

Kirrr.

All three heads stared at Asuka at once.

A strangely upright human. But after all, just prey. Prey ends up in the stomach no matter how much it struggles.

Kwaaang!

Soon, with a roar, it stomped the ground and rushed straight at Asuka.

*

The group, which had split into four directions – east, west, south, and north – was coincidentally facing completely opposite situations.

Sian in the east and Charlotte in the south were relaxed, while Asuka in the west and Alea and Helmut in the north were in trouble.

No, the expression ‘in trouble’ was an understatement. Their lives were in danger.

The golem carrying Alea and Helmut was flying acrobatically, avoiding ice chunks shooting up crazily from below.

Even for those two, it wasn’t easy to hang on. Helmut was gripping Alea’s shoulder with one hand while holding onto the handle with the other.

Sure, he could hang on without difficulty, but it seemed like she might fly off at any moment, dangling as she was.

‘Lampione, I should thank that lecherous old man.’

A genius is a genius. To think a golem could move this dynamically.

Alea’s current level couldn’t make such a golem yet.

Thanks to bringing the golem, the dangerous place called the Forest of Roots had become somewhat easier.

Except for one problem.

‘I’m getting motion sickness.’

Alea frowned.

Hanging onto the constantly twisting golem made her nauseous.

Fortunately, they had almost passed over the lake. Once they entered the ice field again, there should be nothing shooting up from below.

They should be able to fly peacefully again.

But that was an overly optimistic expectation.

In the brief moment of calm, three ice chunks flew up towards the golem simultaneously, without any time lag.

The golem twisted its body urgently. It dodged two, but couldn’t avoid one.

Thwack!

The tip of a wing was mercilessly bent.

The golem, incapable of feeling pain, made no sound, but Alea sensed the anomaly.

That wing had become paralyzed.

Thanks to the momentum, it was still flying forward, but the golem started to lose altitude in a parabolic arc. No matter how much it flapped the other wing, there was a limit.

The golem’s body started spinning. Hanging on made her dizzy.

Alea shouted a warning.

“We’re falling!”

Fortunately, the altitude wasn’t too high. Alea prepared a flight spell.

But due to her nausea, casting magic wasn’t easy.

Helmut quickly spoke from beside her.

“Even if we fly, we’ll be the targets instead of the golem this time. It’s better to land on the ground.”

For Helmut, a swordsman, dealing with something flying through the air wasn’t an easy task.

It was fortunate that there were no more attacks as they were falling too rapidly.

Alea nodded.

“Then let’s land safely.”

“I’ll jump up in the air for a moment, try to cast your spell then.”

He said this knowing it wasn’t easy to use magic in such an unstable situation.

As soon as he finished speaking, Helmut grabbed Alea’s waist with one arm.

When the golem’s body turned so that they were on top, he kicked off the golem’s back and jumped.

Thwack!

Jumping with magical power in his legs, their bodies shot up into the sky. And soon they started falling again.

Although closer than before, the ground was still far below.

If they fell from this height, Helmut might be okay, but Alea wouldn’t survive.

The height was dizzying, enough to make one’s entire body freeze up in fear.

Her mind was hazy from motion sickness.

Amidst all this, Alea barely managed to concentrate and muttered a spell.

“Silk of the wind.”



H.F.C Chapter 287 (Part 1):

No sooner had Alea uttered the spell than a gentle wind enveloped them. It was truly like silk, as the name of the spell.

As if an invisible barrier had spread widely around them, their falling speed gradually decreased.

Soon, Helmut and Alea landed softly on the ground.

Alea exhaled. Cold sweat had formed on her forehead. It was a chilling moment.

“Good thing we didn’t collide with the sacred barrier.”

Then, she suddenly realized something: Helmut’s arms were wrapped around her shoulders, holding her close.

His dark pupils were looking down at her from close up, as if checking her condition. For some reason, her face felt hot.

“Are you okay?”

“Oh, yes, I’m fine. But this isn’t the time for this!”

She hurriedly broke free from Helmut’s embrace and looked around.

She saw the fallen golem in the distance.

It had scraped along the surface of the ice but seemed relatively intact, likely regaining functionality before hitting the ground.

If it had collided with the ice and sunk under the sea, it would have been disastrous.

It was Lampione’s one-of-a-kind golem.

Though Alea had considered the possibility of losing it in the Forest of Roots, if it actually happened, it would have been a devastating blow.

For mages, some things are as important as life itself.

Alea approached the golem and checked its condition. When she took out a magic stone and infused it with magical power, the golem moved with a whirring sound.

“Though it’s regenerating and can’t fly for now, it should be able to move. The damage isn’t too severe.”

“I can see the northern edge,” said Helmut, looking towards where the sacred barrier gently curved northward.

Alea also turned her head in the direction he was looking. But with her eyesight, she couldn’t see anything.

“About five hours’ run away.”

Helmut added a caveat.

“If nothing gets in our way.”

Almost as if on cue, the ground began to shake.

Grrrr!

They heard the sound of something scraping against the ice from below.

No, it wasn’t just scraping, but scraping and boring through. To devour the humans on this ice.

It was truly a greedy killing intent.

In this Forest of Roots, demonic beasts would pounce on humans with blazing eyes whenever they saw them.

Alea’s expression hardened.

“It’s trying to drag us under.”

This was still clearly within the influence of the sacred barrier.

Though they couldn’t come up onto land, the demonic beasts living here knew well what to do.

Dragging their prey down under the water.

Even for Helmut, dealing with underwater demonic beasts was not easy.

He raised an eyebrow and said:

“We need to move.”

Alea stretched her hand towards the golem.

Though she couldn’t activate the golem in flying mode, she could change its form to something easier.

The golem creaked and shifted as it transformed into the shape Alea had envisioned.

It took the form of a sled, simple yet ideal for sliding across the ice.

Alea gestured. “Hurry and get on.”

Helmut and Alea boarded the sled. Meanwhile, the ground beneath them was still shaking.

Kugung!

The ice below was about to break. Something long and spiked like a giant saw was moving beneath the ice, trying to break through.

“Is it a fish?”

As Helmut muttered curiously, Alea chanted a different spell than before.

“Touch of the wind.”

The sled began to glide forward smoothly. Rather than smooth, the ice surface was bumpy.

But it was enough for the sled to move forward. Small vibrations shook their entire bodies.

About 10 seconds after they started, they heard the sound of ice shattering where they had just been.

Kwasak!

The ice broke, revealing a black, spiked tip, but as soon as it was exposed to the air, it sank back beneath the water.

If they had remained there, their bodies would have been skewered like kebabs.

‘Good thing we came from the eastern edge.’

Helmut thought.

Even here, where the sacred barrier exerts its influence, demonic beasts were so active. If they had crossed the northern region from the central region, they would have been targets for countless demonic beasts.

But it was too early to relax. The sled was still speeding across the ice.

Alea wore a worried expression.

“The ice seems to be getting thinner.”

Indeed, they were gradually descending. Getting closer to the water.

Naturally, the ice was getting thinner. The water’s shimmer was visible on the ice ahead. Ice so thin it would break if touched from below.



H.F.C Chapter 287 (Part 2):

Helmut stood up on the sled and looked ahead.

Alea asked,

“Is there a lake ahead by any chance?”

If there was, they would need to find a way around it, which would be a problem.

They were maintaining a certain distance from the sacred barrier. They could get further away, but not closer. Because Helmut would be affected.

If they moved farther away, the question was how much of a detour they would need to take. There was no telling where the ravenous underwater demonic beasts might surface.

Helmut answered briefly.

“I don’t think so. Is this sled light?”

“This golem has a weight reduction spell on it. It’ll float on water.”

Even if the ice breaks, it won’t sink. Unless something pulls it down from below. There was a cracking sound from underneath.

Something was moving swiftly under the ice, following the sled.

They could feel a massive presence moving rapidly beneath them.

A wave of water surged up from below, causing the ice to tremble as if an earthquake had struck.

The shadow of the creature beneath the ice darkened the surface. Its presence sent a chill down their spines.

“Fortunately, it seems to be just one. That’ll make it easier to deal with.”

Helmut spoke in a calm voice.

Dealing with one large creature is often easier than several smaller ones.

This northern region belongs to Kantara.

But the northern region is vast. That vast region is further divided into areas controlled by weaker beasts.

This area seems to be this creature’s territory. To be able to throw such a large chunk of ice, it must be quite a strong demonic beast.

“That area ahead is the problem. The ice there will break if we so much as touch it.”

It looked like an area that had just started to freeze. Literally just a thin layer of ice on the surface.

Helmut offered his opinion.

“We should deal with it there. It might throw more ice.”

And he added emphatically,

“It’s persistent. We don’t know how far it will follow if we don’t kill it.”

“What do you have in mind?”

“Wait until it’s closest to the surface. Lift the sled a little off the water when that happens.”

“Got it.”

Alea could also support him with her magic, but it wouldn’t be easy.

Even though this place is relatively free from demonic energy due to its proximity to the sacred barrier, the sacred barrier itself also interferes with magic.

‘There’s still quite a bit left in the magic stone, but…’

That needed to be saved for the final moment. They hadn’t yet reached the northern barrier.

Also, crossing the sacred barrier of the central region wouldn’t be an easy task either.

Meanwhile, the sled was running at high speed. And the moment they reached the area where the ice was noticeably thinner.

Kwajik!

Finally, the ice below shattered and the demonic beast chasing them surfaced very close to the water’s surface.

Hideously glittering eyes. Several sharp black spikes stretched up towards the sled.

Long and thick spikes that looked like they could easily crush a human body.

No, now they could clearly see what those spike-like things really were.

“It’s an octopus!”

And Alea chanted the spell she had prepared in advance.

“Wings of the wind.”

A spell that lightly lifted them off the ground. The sled floated up, avoiding the octopus’s limbs.

Helmut drew his sword. Ashen Vis bloomed all over the blade.

The octopus tentacles desperately rose up, trying to grab the flying sled.

The black tentacles, sharp as spears, were covered in countless, eerily sinister suckers.

The tentacles rushed in from all directions. Helmut calmly raised his sword and swung it horizontally.

Slash! Slash!

The sound of flesh being cut rang out in succession. Three tentacles fell into the water, severed in mid-air.

Splash!

Even though it was fighting in its advantageous place, it was no match for Helmut. Its demonic energy couldn’t withstand Helmut’s Vis.

“Octopuses have eight tentacles,” Alea advised.

However, the octopus seemed to have no intention of extending more tentacles.

Kieeee!

With an angry roar, the octopus revealed itself above the water surface. Even if the sacred barrier burned its demonic energy, it was determined to catch these humans.

A tenacious will and anger could be felt from it.

Bizarre eyes were embedded in its body, which was mottled black and red. Alea could declare it the most hideous octopus in the world.

Helmut smiled coldly.

“This is convenient.”

Now that it had revealed itself, he would end its life.

He kicked off the sled and jumped down.

“Helmut!”

Alea shouted at the sudden turn of events. But she didn’t disrupt her magic.

Helmut’s body blocked the sled from view.

Kiee.

Flustered by the unexpected situation, the octopus immediately extended its remaining tentacles towards Helmut.

Intending to devour this pitch-black human first.

Helmut coldly muttered,

“If you wanted to live, you shouldn’t have shown yourself above water.”

His sword sliced through five tentacles and plunged into the octopus’s head.

The moment it was exposed to the holy power in the air, the demonic energy barrier surrounding the octopus’s body was more than half gone. There was no way it could defend against Helmut’s sword.

Helmut’s sword, imbued with ashen Vis, cut through the octopus’s head like slicing soft fruit, with no particular resistance.

It happened in an instant.

When the sword was halfway through, suddenly something hard caught on the tip.

Kak!

Helmut applied force and shattered it. The octopus’s core broke into pieces.

Having lost its source of life, the octopus died instantly. It was an anticlimactic end for something that had so persistently targeted Helmut and Alea.

The holy power in the air quickly purified its exposed body. The black liquid flowing from its body soon turned clear like seawater.

As soon as Helmut finished slaying the creature, he leaped back up toward the sled.

However, his leap fell just short of the sled’s height, and his hand only grazed the edge of the sled.

‘Oh no.’

If this continued, he’d fall back into the water.

But then, a slender hand reached down from above and grasped Helmut’s hand. That hand pulled Helmut up forcefully.

It was Alea.

Of course, she didn’t have such strength, so it must have been magical power.

She frowned slightly.

“You really scared me.”

Helmut replied calmly.

“It’s dead now. Let’s get moving.”



H.F.C Chapter 288 (Part 1):

Kwaaang! Kwaang!

Fierce roars echoed, as if contesting each other’s dominance.

It wasn’t just for intimidation. The demonic energy packed in the roars pressed down on the opponent, restricting their movements.

The two feline predators, the leopard Elaga and the tiger Baharek, chose a very obvious fighting style.

They slashed at each other with their front paws, claws extended like daggers, looking for an opportunity to strike at the critical weakness – the back of the neck.

In the process, trees were shattered and the ground was churned up in a rather intense battle.

However, for a clash between the rulers of two regions, this level of damage could be considered minor.

Their sizes were similar, but the most crucial factor in determining a demonic beast’s strength is, of course, demonic energy.

Elaga’s demonic energy was overwhelming. Moreover, unlike Baharek who had been lazing around in the western territory, Elaga had fought and defeated Naho, another regional ruler.

Elaga gained the upper hand before long.

While Baharek was paralyzed from the shock of defending against Elaga’s demonic energy-infused front paw attack, Elaga quickly leaped onto Baharek’s back.

The leopard’s sharp fangs sank into the fur. The demonic energy-infused teeth slowly began to pierce through the nape.

The flowing black blood heightened Elaga’s excitement.

‘I wonder what tiger meat tastes like?’

Elaga became curious.

At that moment, Baharek, feeling fear, shouted.

[I, I surrender! Surrender! I lost!]

No matter how prideful one might be, when their nape is bitten, they can’t stubbornly insist they haven’t lost.

And until he picked a fight with Elaga, Baharek hadn’t realized it, but it valued its life. Baharek had lived long, but still wanted to live longer.

Elaga responded nonchalantly.

[Surrender? Who said you could surrender? You started this fight. Just die.]

Having already eaten Naho’s core, what reason was there not to eat this smelly yellow cat’s core too?

Since they’ve already fought, it wouldn’t be bad to claim the spoils. Baharek was a nasty beast, so there might be future troubles.

Baharek quickly tried to think of a way out.

[Th-that human! The human you brought! Shouldn’t you hurry after him?]

Elaga, who was about to bite down harder, hesitated.

It was only for a moment, but being so engrossed in the fight, Elaga had completely forgotten. About that human, and the purpose of coming here.

It would take quite some time to digest Baharek’s core.

It was uncertain whether the human Asuka would reach the western barrier intact, but it would also be extremely difficult for him to return to the central region alone without Elaga’s company.

But Elaga tried to appear calm. It was an instinct not to reveal weakness.

[That guy can handle himself.]

But that human seemed weaker than Helmut. Would he be able to take care of himself? Suddenly, doubt arose.

Baharek, noticing Elaga’s hesitation, quickly spoke up.

[I don’t care if other demonic beasts enter and leave my territory. That’s why there are quite a few strong and aggressive ones swarming around here. There are more than a few that would be eager for human flesh.]

[So what?]

[That human looked weak. How many of them could he possibly take on? Are you really okay with that?]

If Asuka dies.

Elaga frowned. If disrupting the western barrier fails, it could be considered a failure.

More importantly, Asuka was Helmut’s friend.

Regardless of whether he had the skills to save him, he was a gutsy guy who entered the Forest of Roots to save Helmut, who had been betrayed outside.

‘If he dies, what would Helmut say to me? Since they’re friends, he wouldn’t cry, would he?’

As the ruler of the central region, Elaga couldn’t tolerate the idea of being criticized for failing to protect a single human.

With this justification, Elaga continued holding Baharek by the nape.

[You, don’t think about trying any tricks. You know you can’t escape from me, right? I’ve got plenty of time to hunt you down.]

Once Sarah and Susan are sent out of the forest, there really won’t be anything to do.

Elaga will become free enough to chase down and kill the yellow cat living next door.

Baharek grumbled.

[I said I lost. You’ve defeated me, so you have the right to roam my territory freely.]

[Fine, I’ll let you live. Don’t mess with me again. Yellow cat!]

Baharek flinched at being called a yellow cat, but it gritted its teeth and kept its mouth shut. It should be grateful just to be alive.

Elaga released Baharek and turned around.

It was in the direction of the western barrier. Elaga had sensed Asuka running that way.

Not long after starting to run, Elaga sensed Asuka’s presence. And an unpleasantly strong smell of demonic beasts.

‘This much demonic energy would be tough for a human to handle.’

But judging by how actively the presence was moving, the human seemed to be still alright.

As Elaga approached stealthily, Asuka’s blue-haired head came into view. It was an unusual color in this Forest of Roots, making it stand out.

‘Still alive, huh. They said he was strong among humans, right? That’s why he entered the forest. But…’

Asuka was engaged in combat with a three-headed monkey.

The monkey, covered in wounds all over its body, was swinging its arms towards Asuka with a crazed look.

Asuka, his blue hair fluttering, nimbly dodged the attacks and counterattacked, inflicting wounds on the opponent.

Even though demonic beasts have good recovery abilities, wounds caused by Vis heal slowly.

‘Not bad?’

It seemed Asuka would win if he didn’t make any big mistakes.

But Elaga didn’t wait for the result and stepped forward.



H.F.C Chapter 288 (Part 2):

Looking closely, the monkey’s appearance reminded of someone from the past. The two-headed snake, Naho.

‘I hate creatures with multiple heads.’

The urge to quickly dispose of it because of this dislike surged. Elaga put strength into its legs and leaped into the air.

Thwack!

The white leopard that suddenly intervened struck the three-headed monkey. The monkey collapsed to the ground without even making a sound.

Elaga raised its front paw and smashed it down on the center of the monkey’s head.

Crunch!

With all three heads crushed simultaneously, the monkey’s life ended right there. It looked like a small animal hit by a carriage.

Elaga shook off the black blood and chided,

[Is this the best you can do? You’re so weak you couldn’t even finish off a creature like this quickly.]

“I had almost taken care of it, why did you interfere!”

Asuka, belatedly grasping the situation, burst out angrily.

The monkey’s attacks were powerful. If even one attack had been allowed, it would have been Asuka who died.

But Asuka didn’t allow that one hit. Being in a state of high tension and engaging in a life-or-death battle excited Asuka.

He had been carefully wearing the beast down, preparing for a final strike. But the final blow hadn’t come from his sword.

The monkey died with its head crushed as soon as Elaga struck it.

‘What kind of demonic beast is this monstrous.’

While angry, Asuka was momentarily intimidated.

He thought it was fortunate that Elaga wasn’t an enemy. No matter how well-prepared their group might have been, if they had faced Elaga as an enemy, they wouldn’t have survived.

Elaga muttered sullenly.

[What are you talking about? You were taking too long, so I stepped in.]

“What happened to that tiger, Baharek? Did you kill it?”

[No, that guy won’t dare show its face again. More importantly, let’s hurry. We can talk after reaching our destination.]

Before Asuka could say anything, Elaga extended its tail and lifted him up.

Roughly placing Asuka on its back, Elaga took off running. Asuka, nearly falling off from the sudden movement, grabbed onto Elaga’s fur.

Once again, Asuka’s ordeal was about to begin.

Probably until they complete their mission and return to the central region, his ordeal will continue.

*

“This is getting tiresome, really.”

Alea muttered in frustration.

Helmut, who had just dealt with a demonic beast, climbed onto the sled.

Small fish swarmed around the octopus’ corpse, which was sinking underwater while spewing black blood, tearing at it with their sharp teeth. Though small in form, they too were demonic beasts.

After giving up on flying and landing on the ice, they had to endure constant attacks from demonic beasts. They thought it would be safe being close to the sacred barrier, but there was nothing they could do about attacks from underwater.

The sled scraping across the ice seemed to provoke their aggression, causing them to attack relentlessly.

The attackers were varied too. They had to fend off all sorts of aquatic creatures – squid, sharks, whales, lobsters, jellyfish, and so on.

Because of this, they were greatly delayed. Since maintaining the flying magic consumed too much magical power, they had to choose to ride the sled across the ice.

At any rate, it was faster than running.

But when demonic beasts attacked and broke the ice, they had no choice but to deal with them.

Alea said, as if dumbfounded,

“It’s like a seafood party from hell. I never expected to encounter such demonic beasts.”

If they had the time, she would have loved to study them. Aquatic demonic beasts are extremely rare in the outside world.

“Even if you’re tempted, resist. It probably wouldn’t taste good.”

When Helmut casually retorted, Alea’s glare immediately shot towards him.

“Helmut, was that supposed to be a joke?”

“…”

“Anyway, we seem to be almost there. We’ve timed it just about right. Let’s check our position.”

Alea took out the Adamantium from her robe. Soon, light flowing from the Adamantium stretched out towards the sacred barrier in the distance.

As the surrounding ice reflected the light, the end of the light beam wasn’t clearly visible. It was a distance difficult to confirm with Alea’s eyesight. But Helmut saw it properly.

“It’s underwater. Not too deep.”

“Then I have no choice but to dive.”

Alea’s expression darkened. Having to enter ice-cold water and activate the Adamantium.

Moreover, the moment she contacts the sacred barrier, the body heat preservation magic will be dispelled. For Alea, a mage with a penchant for the comfort of her study, it wasn’t an appealing task.

‘I should have brought one more person.’

But it was too late for regrets. If Helmut couldn’t do it, Alea had to.

Helmut asked,

“How long does it take to activate the Adamantium?”

“It will take at least 5 minutes.”

It was longer than expected. That’s why she had hoped the activation site would be above water, but now she had to endure in that ice-cold water for 5 minutes. She could only hope not to suffer from hypothermia.

If she were to faint, Helmut, who can’t touch the sacred barrier, would have to risk his life to save her.

“Don’t push yourself too hard. At least there’s a high chance of success in the south.”

Helmut’s eyes were serious.

No matter how much they had struggled to get here, it wasn’t more important than Alea’s safety.

Alea nodded reluctantly. Even she had things she wasn’t confident about.

“I’ll give it a try for now. If it seems impossible, I’ll come out right away, so don’t worry.”

“Right, even if it’s underwater, demonic beasts shouldn’t be able to approach right next to the sacred barrier. Unless it’s a really powerful one.”

Helmut shifted his gaze towards the sacred barrier.

“I’ll block any beasts that come your way. Just focus on activating the Adamantium.”

Alea slowly nodded. Her eyes were filled with determination.

“Okay, let’s do this. Let’s finish this and get out of this awful place.”

However, things did not go smoothly.

Alea and Helmut were soon to face an unexpected crisis.



H.F.C Chapter 289 (Part 1):

The scheduled time arrived.

“Is it about time?”

Sian, who had been yawning while sprawled on the ground, stood up.

The eastern region, with no ruler and no sea, was endlessly peaceful.

Lying down right next to the sacred barrier, it was hard to tell if this was the Forest of Roots or a picnic spot.

Unlike Helmut, Alea, and Asuka, Sian was extremely comfortable.

Though the return journey wouldn’t be that comfortable.

“Let’s see, Adamantium?”

Sian took out the Adamantium and activated it. The beam of light extended to point at somewhere in the barrier, barely ten steps away.

It was almost level with the ground. The barrier wasn’t that thick.

Sian headed towards the barrier, mentally preparing himself. He felt increasing resistance, as if his whole body was being pushed back. The magical power in his body was colliding with the holy power.

‘This is tougher than I thought.’

Overcoming this repulsive force like swimming against a current, he installs the Adamantium.

It would consume an immense amount of magical power, but it was possible, so Alea had tasked him with it.

As soon as Sian exited the barrier, he put down a pouch of magic stones within arm’s reach.

“Alright, let’s finish this quickly.”

After taking a deep breath, Sian strode into the sacred barrier. Feeling the pressure crushing his entire body.

Soon, the Adamantium activated inside the barrier.

*

The sacred barrier shook. Though not visible to the naked eye, someone of a region ruler’s level could feel it.

Igrelle looked towards the barrier.

[Oh? Seems like some impatient one has started already. The barrier does feel a bit different, even though it’s the opposite end from here.]

“I suppose I should start too.”

Charlotte was just getting up from her seat. Unlike Sian who was literally sprawled out, Charlotte had been sitting properly in meditation. Waiting for the right moment.

Igrelle spoke thoughtlessly.

[I heard it was your family who betrayed Helmut? Yet they seem to trust you.]

“What do you mean by that?”

[You’re a swordswoman, and if you wanted to sabotage the mission, you could just throw away that Adamantium and escape through the southern barrier. Oh, feel free to do that. My job is just to bring you here. That could be fun too.]

Igrelle’s eyes sparkled brightly. It sounded very much like something a demonic beast would say. It even seemed innocent in a way.

But the straight-laced Charlotte didn’t let it slide just because the other party was a demonic beast.

“That’s quite rude. But if your intention was to upset me, you’ve succeeded.”

Responding seriously to the light comment made Igrelle flinch.

‘W-what? Why am I… to a mere human.’

Charlotte moved towards the barrier without even looking at Igrelle.

A slight resistance. Clearly, what she felt was weaker than what Sian had experienced.

The light from the Adamantium grew brighter. There was a sense of discomfort, like passing through an opaque membrane. As she pulled on her Vis and pushed deeper into the sacred Barrier, Charlotte thought:

‘I hope the others complete their tasks safely as well.’

Soon, the activation was complete.

*

[It has begun. We arrived just in time. It seems the other side has already activated.]

Elaga tapped Asuka, who was sprawled on his back, with its tail.

From Elaga’s perspective, it was just a tap, but for Asuka on the receiving end, it felt like his internal organs were shaken. His organs that had already been shaken plenty.

Sliding down to the ground, Asuka immediately knelt and placed both hands on the ground. Like a sailor rejoicing at landing on shore. It was an ecstatic sensation.

“Ugh! I’m gonna die.”

Asuka spat on the ground. He felt like he would throw up if he ate anything, but he hadn’t eaten so there was nothing to throw up.

Elaga glanced at him and frowned.

[If you’d vomited on my back, I would have eaten you on the spot.]

“Who told you to run like a maniac?”

Asuka grumbled. Fortunately, they had taken a short break along the way. Because Asuka had deliberately acted like he was about to throw up.

Although Elaga didn’t care about Asuka’s condition, it treasured its own fur and didn’t want such a smelly situation.

Elaga nodded towards the barrier and spoke. The holy power emanating from the barrier, which they had approached quite close to, was making it uncomfortable.

[We’re here, hurry up and go in! We need to go pick up that Sian or whatever his name is after you finish. Seeing how you’re doing, that guy probably can’t even handle one demonic beast and is struggling.]

Indeed, humans were a weak species that needed Elaga’s care.

Asuka stood up.

“Before we go east, drop me off in the central region. I’m not going to follow you there.”

[You disloyal bastard.]



H.F.C Chapter 289 (Part 2):

“Loyalty my a*s, that guy probably just had to sit still and set up the Adamantium, but here I am, going through hell. Did Alea make me do this on purpose?”

Suspicion arose. Grumbling refreshingly, Asuka immediately took out the Adamantium. He deliberately moved slowly towards the barrier.

He was aware that as soon as this was over, he’d have to cling to Elaga’s back again.

“There it is.”

The beam of light from the Adamantium pointed to somewhere in the air above the ground. Asuka moved towards it without hesitation.

He was a stronger swordsman than Charlotte. Because of that, entering the sacred barrier was easier for him than for her.

Among those heading in four directions, he would likely have the easiest time entering the barrier.

When the Adamantium was placed in the designated position, it emitted a white light.

A white crystal-like object that had been invisible appeared and then disappeared at that spot. As if swallowed by the light emitted by the Adamantium. It was the core of the barrier.

“Is that it? That was easy.”

Being inside the sacred barrier continuously eats away at one’s Vis. Asuka, who had leapt out of the barrier, suddenly muttered:

“Charlotte and Sian will succeed easily, and what’s left is Alea and Helmut… Well, they went together so they’ll manage somehow, right?”

The results could be confirmed in the central region.

*

The activation of three Adamantiums – west, east, and south – was complete. Now only the north remained.

The north, where the two strongest humans had gone – even with the northern region ruler Kantara there, it was thought there wouldn’t be much of a problem.

Even Elaga had thought so. Though it looked down on Helmut, that was only because it had easily subdued him.

Elaga’s instincts told it that Helmut and Alea together could handle the northern region’s ruler, Kantara.

That’s why it had let them go without much fuss.

But the environment was the problem. Even Elaga hadn’t anticipated what they would face in the northern sea.

To Elaga, the Forest of Roots was a space that existed on land, not above water.

Helmut and Alea were approaching the northern sacred barrier. Not letting their guard down until the very end.

It was a close distance that could be reached in three minutes at full speed.

So the fact that they didn’t sense it wasn’t because they were careless. It’s unavoidable that senses become dulled as one gets closer to the sacred barrier.

There were no signs. As if something that had been quietly submerged underwater suddenly surged up, it awoke the moment they approached.

A sudden sense of presence.

“Back off!”

As soon as Helmut shouted, Alea pulled the sled back. Just as they retreated, the ice below shattered.

Crack, crackle! It was like they had almost fallen into a trap. Alea frowned, chilled to the bone.

“A demonic beast?”

“No, that’s…”

The seawater under the broken ice was dark from within. As if absorbing light. Black demonic energy spreading like ink, dyeing the sea.

A violent whirlpool was forming within, shattering the surrounding ice as it swirled, revealing a massive maw at its center.

At the heart of the whirlpool was the beast.

“Kantara.”

Helmut recited that name heavily. The one causing the whirlpool was a turtle with a body as massive as Elaga’s.

Unlike the black demonic energy it was emitting around its body, it had a golden shell. A deep golden color that dazzled the eyes. Its limbs were a lighter reddish-brown.

Helmut muttered:

“If that shell is solid gold, it’d be worth a fortune.”

“Is this the time for jokes?”

Alea snapped.

The turtle’s golden eyes, which had been hidden beneath its heavy eyelids, slowly opened.

[I smell… Elaga. That… leopard… from the central… territory! Who… killed… Naho. Who… are… you?]

The slow, halting way of speaking was infuriating. The golden pupils fixed on Alea and Helmut.

‘Why is a region ruler camping out near the barrier?’

Igrelle might do it out of curiosity, but there’s no reason for this Kantara to do so.

Did it appear at the last moment, befitting a region ruler? When they were almost there, the final hurdle turns out to be Kantara.

‘What a damn situation.’

Alea spoke:

“We are just humans with business at the sacred barrier. Please let us pass. We’ll leave soon.”

[Elaga’s… smell… is strong… Did Elaga… send you… to eat me? You’re here to… scout… right?]

In an instant, Kantara’s aura, which had seemed slow, changed dramatically. Demonic energy surged fiercely from its body.

Crack! The whirlpool grew larger, shattering the ice closer to where Alea and Helmut stood. Alea pulled the sled back a bit more.

Helmut observed the opponent.

‘My sword probably won’t pierce that shell.’

Thick skin and shell. The vital abdomen was submerged underwater. Needless to say, even for Helmut, diving underwater to stab the turtle’s belly was impossible. Alea calmly attempted dialogue:

“We’re not here to scout. We just have business at the sacred barrier. Elaga has no intention of harming you.”

[Don’t… lie! That leopard… said from the first time… we met… was curious… about how turtle meat… would taste! Elaga wanted… to eat me…!]

Wariness and killing intent rose in Kantara’s eyes.

They must have met in the distant past. Elaga, who had spoken thoughtlessly, probably didn’t even remember what it had said.

[That… can’t… happen!… I won’t… let you leave… alive!]

The demonic energy surging from Kantara’s entire body intensified. It didn’t seem like words would get through. It seemed to have a personality full of paranoia and wariness to begin with.

Encountering intruders with Elaga’s scent, it was consumed by the thought of killing and eliminating them.

Alea said with a sigh:

“…Staying alone in cold water for too long must have driven it mad.”



H.F.C Chapter 290 (Part 1):

“What should we do?”

Alea asked, and her question implied a choice: Should they give up and flee, or should they proceed?

She couldn’t gauge the abilities of Kantara, the ruler of the northern region.

Helmut stared at Kantara, as if studying it.

The ruler of the northern region—this place was its territory. No human could be more skilled than a turtle in fighting on the water.

‘Even Darien would find this difficult,’ Helmut thought.

So, should they just turn back? He questioned himself.

Escaping from this opponent would not be easy either.

Fighting Kantara while also trying to accomplish their goal would be extremely difficult.

But strangely, it didn’t feel impossible. It was an instinctive feeling.

Like a spark reigniting, a forgotten sensation began to burn inside him—his thirst for battle.

Helmut didn’t fear or hate fighting. In fact, he enjoyed it.

It wasn’t because of the Seed of Darkness.

He was a swordsman—a very powerful one, who lived to prove himself with the sword.

He didn’t want to avoid a fight that had presented itself.

And now, Darien’s sword was back in his hand. Though he had swung it a few times before leaving, that wasn’t nearly enough.

‘Darien wouldn’t have backed down from this fight either.’

Neither would Elaga. If Helmut were alone, he would have faced Kantara without hesitation.

But he had to ask one question.

“Alea. If I draw that thing out, can you go to the sacred Barrier alone and activate the Adamantium?”

His dark eyes met her violet ones. He spoke slowly.

“If it’s too difficult…”

Her safety was more important than his decision. But Alea shook her head slowly.

“I can do it. As long as it’s not too difficult for you.”

Her violet eyes glowed sharply, as if his words had touched her pride.

Neither of them was the type to always choose the safe option. They weren’t afraid to take on challenges.

Helmut smiled slightly.

“That thing, for a ruler of a region, seems like a coward. Let’s give it a try.”

Helmut drew his sword. He said one last thing before moving.

“Move when you see the chance.”

Then he kicked off the ground, launching himself like an arrow toward the fierce whirlpool. No, toward Kantara, who was at its center.

‘I have to lure him out.’

Unlike Kantara, who wrapped itself in the churning waters, Helmut was fully exposed to the holy power in the air. He was fighting while carrying a penalty.

Helmut had to lure Kantara a little further away from the sacred barrier so he could fight without restraint.

To do that, he needed to draw the creature’s attention in a bold way.

Kwaaaah!

As Helmut charged toward Kantara, the frigid water churned up by the demonic energy whipped against his entire body.

If he hadn’t been protecting himself with Vis, the impact would have been severe.

Luckily, due to the influence of the sacred Barrier, Kantara’s demonic energy couldn’t directly harm Helmut.

Kang!

Helmut’s sword sliced through the whirlpool, striking Kantara’s golden shell.

The surface of the shell cracked under the force of his Vis. This meant Helmut’s Vis could penetrate Kantara’s demonic energy.

The shock from the blow reverberated through Kantara’s body.

[Grrr…! You wretched human! How dare you!]

Kantara roared furiously.

Water spouts shot out from the surrounding whirlpool, controlled by Kantara’s demonic energy. Massive columns of water, like spears, crashed down on the spot where Helmut had just stood.

All around was nothing but water. There seemed to be no solid ground to stand on, but Helmut leaped off Kantara’s body instead.

The water spouts swept through the place he had just vacated.

Helmut, his body lightened by the Vis flowing through him, landed lightly.

Thump!

He stepped onto a fragment of broken ice.

The whirlpool had shattered the ice into countless pieces, but there were still enough chunks to step on.

“Stop hiding and come out, you coward!”

Helmut taunted, and fury sparked in Kantara’s eyes.

[I am… Kantara… of the North! … Arrogant… human… The North is my… territory… All intruders… will be… destroyed!]

It seemed that Kantara had entirely forgotten about Alea. The whirlpool began to move.

Kantara’s four legs propelled it toward where Helmut stood, much like a shark lunging for prey on the surface.

‘Simple-minded creature’.

At least it seemed Kantara had decided to come out of the water. Alea was already gone, most likely using magic to disappear from Kantara’s sight and approaching the sacred Barrier.

Now Helmut just had to keep drawing Kantara away.

Given the size difference, taking a hit from the turtle’s body slam was out of the question. Not even Vis could protect him from an attack like that.

Helmut dodged the attacks while slowly luring Kantara further away.

The creature, completely enraged, relentlessly chased after the retreating Helmut.

The further Kantara moved away from the sacred Barrier, the higher it rose out of the water.

The whirlpool around its body naturally thinned out.

Unlike Elaga, Kantara had short legs and lacked sharp claws or teeth.

It might have a strong bite, but with its short neck and sluggish movements, it was unlikely that Helmut would be caught in its jaws.

However, Kantara could manipulate water with his demonic energy, and it did so with remarkable ease.



H.F.C Chapter 290 (Part 2):

Helmut had to constantly dodge and slash at the water spouts coming from all directions.

While most demonic beasts preferred direct attacks, Kantara was a rare exception, closer to a mage.

‘Even Elaga would struggle to fight this thing in this sea.’

No, Elaga probably wouldn’t even come to this place. The ice wouldn’t support its weight.

Helmut was actually better suited to fighting Kantara here.

It was an extraordinary sight—a human battling a giant turtle demonic beast in the waters of the Forest of Roots.

Meanwhile, Alea, who had been observing the situation, began to move as soon as Kantara was far enough away.

‘I need to activate the Adamantium as quickly as possible and then go help Helmut.’

In a way, this worked out well. Although Kantara had moved away, no other demonic beasts would approach this area.

A ruler like Kantara was something lesser demonic beasts avoided.

Her golem, which had been shaped like a sled, now shifted into a boat-like form as it glided toward the sacred Barrier.

Thanks to the waves stirred up by Kantara’s movement, Alea was able to reach the barrier with relative ease.

She was now only a few steps away from the sacred Barrier.

‘I feel sick.’

Alea covered her mouth with her hand. The holy power felt like it was crushing her magical powers.

If it was this hard for her, as a mage, to stand in this spot, Helmut would have felt an overwhelming amount of resistance here.

‘I can’t stay here long.’

Her golem was quickly draining magical power as well. While it had been easy to reach the barrier due to the waves, she now had to keep the golem from drifting too far forward.

If it drifted too close, it would collide with the sacred Barrier, potentially damaging the golem’s core.

‘There shouldn’t be any other demonic beasts around here, right?’

Alea scanned the area cautiously.

Once she entered the water, using magic would become much more difficult. She wouldn’t be able to recite spells underwater.

Of course, she could use magic without verbally chanting spells.

But that’s limited to not-so-powerful magic.

Moreover, the moment she achieve her goal and just leave the sacred barrier, she’s defenseless.

It was highly unlikely that any demonic beasts would come this close to the sacred Barrier.

Still, Alea used a spell to confirm there were no demonic beasts nearby.

‘The Adamantium…’

As soon as she took it out, the Adamantium emitted a pure white light.

The beam of light from the Adamantium pointed a few feet below the surface of the water.

Not too deep, but not within arm’s reach. To set it up accurately, she’d need to go into the water and position it by hand.

‘Ah, I almost forgot.’

She can’t breathe underwater. Of course, she could use magic to breathe, but the sacred Barrier nullified magic.

She took out a long tube from her pocket and held it in her other hand.

A breathing tube. This would allow her to breathe underwater. The lower end was designed to suck in air when held in the mouth.

It was time to dive into the water. She stared down at the clear, rippling sea for a moment.

The water near the barrier was crystal clear, a stark contrast to the dark demonic energy Kantara had been spewing earlier. And undoubtedly, it would be ice-cold.

Although she knew how to swim, she couldn’t help but hesitate.

“Damn it.”

Gritting her teeth, Alea didn’t hesitate any longer and jumped straight into the water.

Splash!

The water was freezingly cold as expected.

Her robe, enchanted with temperature-regulating magic, protected her from the cold, but the exposed parts of her skin felt icy.

As soon as she entered the sacred Barrier, her entire body would be exposed to the freezing temperature.

‘I won’t faint, will I?’

Alea bit down on the breathing tube. She could taste the salty seawater. The sacred barrier was right in front of her.

Naturally pushed by the waves, she pushed herself into the sacred barrier with the Adamantium in hand.

Soon, a terrible pressure weighed down on her. That pressure took away the cold from her.

Alea raised all the magic power in her body to resist the barrier. She had no capacity to use any other spells. Fortunately, being underwater, the pressure from the sacred barrier was less than expected.

It only took five minutes for the Adamantium to activate properly, but to Alea, it felt like an eternity.

After confirming that the Adamantium was operating correctly, Alea immediately left the barrier without checking for any changes.

As she poked her head above water, she felt somewhat dazed. Sleep was overwhelming her. It was due to her lowered body temperature. Severe cold can kill a person in a short time.

Gasping for breath, Alea climbed onto the golem and immediately tore open a scroll. She didn’t even have the presence of mind to use magic. A warm sensation enveloped her entire body.
