High Priest Agato clicked his tongue. Margret looked at him.

“Does that mean the temple also knew about the existence of that demonic beast? I heard it was a truly powerful and unheard-of vicious beast. You must have heard about the damage we suffered.”

“Yes, we heard that seven Black Wing Knights and several dozen soldiers died. That’s relatively minor damage. The beast killed a priest and a holy knight as soon as it awakened and fled. Its whereabouts have been unknown since then, and we’ve been chasing it, but we didn’t expect it to flow into Renosa along the mountain range. Indeed, intelligent ones are difficult.”

One word that Agato uttered caught Margret’s attention.

“What do you mean by awakening?”

High Priest Levina explained in a gentle voice.

“The beast is a human with the Seed of Darkness. It managed to grow while evading the temple’s eyes and awakened early. Being a former mercenary, it’s skilled at moving without leaving traces, which made tracking difficult.”

The seed of darkness. Those words made Margret’s usually composed face stiffen.

High Priest Levina didn’t find her agitation strange.

Because she was one of the people from the temple who had been here in Renosa 15 years ago.

“It seems to bring back unpleasant memories.”

“…A little, yes.”

“You must be very tired, Your Grace, having to protect Ratona alone during this series of events.”

High Priest Levina’s transparent green eyes met Margret’s blue ones. It was a gaze that seemed to pierce through the heart.

Her heart chilled. How could that be possible?

No, the other party was a High Priest. Nothing would be strange no matter what they could do.

Margret answered with a ladylike smile, hiding her agitation.

“There was a moment of crisis, but fortunately it was resolved safely. You both must be tired from rushing here, why don’t you rest in your quarters first?”

“That would be good.”

High Priest Agato left first. However, High Priest Levina, who was about to follow him, hesitated.

She exchanged a glance with Agato and returned to the room to face Margret.

“Do you have any remaining business with me?”

High Priest Levina wore an ambiguous smile. It was an unreadable expression.

“I forgot to mention one thing.”

“What is it?”

“About that boy. The remarkable swordsman who faced the demonic beast. A black-haired boy, I hear? Strangely, they say he resembles His Grace the Grand Duke very much.”

Where did she hear that from? Margret’s heart sank.

Margret calmly met High Priest Levina’s eyes. A light flashed in Levina’s green eyes. Whether it was curiosity or hostility, it was unclear.

“I heard he was injured. Would it be alright if I examined the boy?”

After a moment, Margret’s lips parted.

*



H.F.C Chapter 253 (Part 2):
				It seems there was some exaggeration. After all, it was the Black Wing Knights’ Commander Alonso who faced the demonic beast.

The boy is merely a commoner, so it wouldn’t be appropriate for a High Priest to meet him.

He’s a former mercenary, and although he’s not injured, he’s currently resting after depleting his Vis. He’s sensitive, so we don’t know what rudeness he might commit. It would be better to meet him a few days later.

Margret naturally deflected Levina’s request with many excuses she made up in an instant.

It was true that the situation wasn’t appropriate for Levina to meet Helmut. After all, he was unconscious.

Levina didn’t bother to dig into Margret’s excuses.

‘Then a few days later would be good.’

Leaving only those words, Levina left, and immediately after, Margret summoned another person.

Black Wing Knights’ Commander Alonso. Although she had received a brief report on the situation, Margret was also confused by the news of the High Priests’ arrival.

In her haste to prepare to receive them, she hadn’t had the chance to inquire about what exactly happened in the forest.

Now it was time to hear that story.

Shortly after, Black Wing Knights’ Commander Alonso entered the room.

“How are you feeling?”

Alonso opened his mouth with a cautious expression.

“I’m fine as I wasn’t injured. It’s just that I couldn’t protect Her Highness the Duchess… I apologize.”

“It couldn’t be helped. And Charlotte is now… safe.”

Concern and relief simultaneously flashed across Margret’s face. Before Margret could ask, Alonso spoke first.

“I can guess why you called me. That boy.”

“Yes. Please report.”

Margret cared for Helmut. He was her child, brought back from the dead. How could she not be attached to him when it wasn’t her wish to abandon him?

But she couldn’t ignore what he might be.

A child who survived the Forest of Roots. Margret knew well how extraordinary that was.

Before the expedition, Margret had asked Black Wing Knights’ Commander Alonso to observe Helmut and tell her about him.

Alonso remembered Margret’s instructions.

“I saw him fight. He was a boy too strong for his age. So strong that it was unbelievable. So strong that even I, the Black Wing Knights’ Commander, couldn’t stand against him. Powerful Vis, precise and fast swordsmanship. It’s not ordinary for that to be the skill of a mere fifteen-year-old boy.”

“Do you mean… it can’t be explained by the word ‘genius’?”

“Yes, that’s right. That talent doesn’t belong to the human category. Above all, when that boy faced the magical beast, I felt it.”

“Felt what?”

“From the body of that boy named Helmut, I felt magical energy. Just like what I felt from that magical beast! A human using magical energy…”

Margret’s complexion turned pale. She hastily rebutted.

“Could it be a misunderstanding? I heard that the whole area was steeped in magical energy. Perhaps…”

“Your Grace, I am the Black Wing Knights’ Commander. I am not mistaken.”

Alonso said firmly. Margret looked at him blankly.

Alonso doesn’t know about what happened 15 years ago. Only a very few know about that incident.

Alonso has been the Black Wing Knights’ Commander for 11 years.

So Alonso is simply speaking based on his own judgment, without any prejudice.

That Helmut used magical energy, and that he is a dangerous existence.

“When that boy collapsed, I struggled with whether I should cut him down. The reason I didn’t was because he was worried about Her Highness the Duchess.”

“I see…”

Margret lowered her head. It wasn’t Alonso’s place to judge her strange reaction. He shook his head and said.

“Although he has no evil intentions, his very existence is dangerous. If he can’t be eliminated, he should be sent away. This is my judgment about that boy.”

With that, Alonso concluded his words.

Margret remained silent for a moment, her gaze lowered. She only opened her mouth again after a while.

“I understand your opinion. You may go now.”

*

Shortly after Alonso left, another guest sought out Margret. This time, it was a guest Margret hadn’t summoned.

Margret had been sitting still, lost in thought, ever since Alonso left the room.

It was only when she heard the news of Michael’s visit that Margret raised her head.

“Mother.”

“Michael, what brings you here?”

Unlike his usual self, Michael wore a face without a smile.

“I have something to tell you, Mother.”

“…Go ahead.”

“I had a brother. A brother one year older than me. Born with the name Helmut, disappeared without even his existence being known.”

Margret’s pupils shook at this sudden truth. Michael saw her reaction clearly. And he was certain. That what he was saying was the truth!

“In reality, a cursed child born with the Seed of Darkness and sent to the Forest of Roots.”

Michael continued speaking in a calm manner.

“And he survived that place where no one was supposed to return alive, and came back to this Ratona.”

Margret immediately sprang to her feet.

“Who else knows this?”

Looking at the pale-faced Margret, Michael quietly shook his head.

“It hasn’t leaked out yet. Not even to the High Priests. But they will find out. They have eyes and ears, after all. Besides, aren’t they quite perceptive in such matters?”

Michael still wore a face without a hint of a smile. He continued speaking in his characteristically calm and affectionate tone.

“I have only one thing to say to you. You are the Grand Duchess of Renosa, aren’t you?”

Michael’s blue eyes were cold. Although they were similar in color to Margret’s, they were colder than hers.

However, the essence of the two was not different. They were mother and son, after all.

Margret with her gentle and affectionate gaze. However, Margret was a woman who could make colder decisions than Michael even with that gaze.

She was a born noble and the Grand Duchess of Renosa.

Michael’s declaration pierced her like a cold sword.

“Make a decision for Renosa.”

And then Michael finally smiled his characteristic innocent smile across his face.

“As always, I will respect and follow your choice, Mother. Whatever that choice may be.”



H.F.C Chapter 254 (Part 1):
				‘A decision for Renosa.’

Margret, born and raised as a noble.

Had there ever been a time when those words, which she had followed without difficulty except for once, felt so heavy?

After Michael’s visit, Margret, who had been lost in thought for a while, opened her eyes that had been heavily closed.

She could guess how Michael had found out about that fact.

In the Grand Duke’s study, there was a journal recording significant events happening in Renosa. It was a journal that the Grand Duke personally wrote in.

With the Grand Duke absent now, it was Michael who had control over Renosa.

It wouldn’t have been difficult for Michael to extract information from there.

Michael only needed to find the record of that day 15 years ago.

“…I.”

Margret let out a sigh.

She knew it too. If Michael had figured it out, the High Priests could figure it out as well.

If Levina showed interest in Helmut again, how long could Margret hold them back with excuses?

Michael could reveal that fact to the High Priests at any time.

Although he had received treatment from the High Priest, the Grand Duke was still in a weakened state. He had not yet regained consciousness.

In this situation, it was impossible to confront the temple.

That wasn’t a choice for the Grand Duchess of Renosa to make.

But she too was human. A weak and wavering human.

Margret’s worries deepened.

It seemed she wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight.

*

When he opened his eyes, what he saw was a familiar ceiling.

This air, it’s familiar.

Helmut blinked. It seemed they had brought him back to his previous quarters intact.

Everything was quiet.

“Hmm.”

Helmut, who was about to get up immediately, frowned.

His whole body felt stiff and weak. As if he had been drained to the bottom and just recovered enough to open his eyes.

It had been a long time since he had been pushed to his limits like this.

But he was in much better condition than when he had just left the Forest of Roots.

‘It seems the situation has been resolved safely.’

He had been gripped by anxiety as he lost consciousness in a place where he had no one to trust.

But seeing that he had been moved to his quarters like this, there must have been no problem. It was enough that he was alive.

Helmut examined his own condition. He looked into himself as if observing.

The Seed of Darkness had grown again. The series of processes of using and expelling demonic energy was enough to make the seed of darkness grow.

But what bothered him was that the seed, which always wriggled like a fetus in a womb, was oddly quiet. As if it were in hibernation.

Perhaps it too had struggled to survive.

Helmut stopped pondering and suddenly looked down at his arm. There was someone who came to mind first.

‘Is Alea still…?’

His girlfriend probably didn’t even know that Helmut had nearly died.

Well, even she wouldn’t have expected that Helmut, who had been fine, would face a life-threatening crisis. It happened in too short a time.

‘What on earth is she doing?’

He didn’t feel like blaming her anew. Alea was that kind of girl. A research-addicted mage.

‘No, I do want to blame her.’

Helmut changed his mind. But it was also true that he couldn’t think of any other suitable words to blame Alea.

Because his body wasn’t moving properly, Helmut only raised his upper body and sat with his back against the wall.

How long had it been since he had let go of his sword? He wanted to head to the training ground right away if he could.

His clothes had been changed into clean ones. Only his cloak and sword were nowhere to be seen.

Click. Soon, the door opened and then closed, followed by the sound of footsteps running somewhere.

After a while, there was a knock, and someone entered the room.

Just by hearing the footsteps, Helmut recognized who it was. Helmut immediately raised his gaze.

“Mother.”

Blue eyes full of worry were staring at him. It was a face that had visibly thinned in just a few days.

But her expression as she looked at Helmut was calm and affectionate. Really like that of a mother.

“Don’t get up. The physician said that your bones and muscles were all damaged due to the clash of vis. As your recovery seems to be good, I didn’t call for a healing mage separately.”

“How long has it been?”

“Three days, dear.”

‘I wasn’t unconscious for as long as I thought.’

Short, but his instincts must have judged that it was time to wake up from unconsciousness.

Helmut brought up another question.

“Charlotte?”

“She’s fine. She’s being treated. People from the temple just arrived. Thanks to that, she’s passed the critical point and there’s no danger to her life. It will take some time to recover, but they say she’ll be as healthy as if nothing had happened.”

“People from the temple…?”

Helmut instinctively examined his mother’s expression. His wariness peaked.

His mother shook her head.

“They didn’t see you.”

That seemed to be true. Helmut relaxed his nerves only then.

Even with Alea’s bracelet, an unconscious Helmut couldn’t completely control the faint demonic energy his body emitted.

If a priest had seen Helmut, they wouldn’t have tried to keep him alive. Also, no matter how unconscious he was, Helmut couldn’t have failed to sense the holy power manifesting nearby.

His mother tightly grasped his hand.

“I’m really grateful to you.”

With those words, everything felt enough.

Helmut learned the joy of his strength being used for someone else after coming to the human world.

When he saved Alea, and right at this moment.

What he learned in the human world were the things one could feel as a human, not alone.

For this, he left the Forest of Roots. It was something worth more than could be explained in any words.

At that moment, suddenly, Margret’s touch became stronger.

“Mother?”



H.F.C Chapter 254 (Part 2):
				Margret murmured with her head bowed.

“I’m grateful, and I’m sorry. I only gave birth to you, I haven’t done anything for you.”

Helmut weakly shook his head.

She called his name, and became the purpose of his life. She allowed him to return here.

So Helmut gained a lot. It might not be said that he received much, but it wasn’t that there was nothing.

“It’s alright.”

“Take care of yourself for a while. The temple people might rummage around the palace, so it would be good to move you to a place that helps with Vis recovery soon.”

“My sword…”

There was no situation that stimulated Helmut’s wariness as much as being empty-handed, without a weapon.

Above all, that sword was Darien’s keepsake. He didn’t want it to catch anyone else’s eyes.

Though not many people would recognize it.

‘There’s also Michael.’

His mother whispered gently.

“Alonso has taken care of it. It will be moved there first along with your belongings, so you just focus on recovering. I know you’re eager to train, but you need to rest for now.”

Helmut nodded.

“Yes.”

People from the temple. He didn’t know who came, but they would probably be focused on the recovery of the Grand Duke and Duchess. Their attention wouldn’t reach this far.

Even if they’re curious about the swordsman who defeated the demonic beast, his mother will take care of it well.

This is Renosa Palace, so it was right to follow the words of his mother, the Grand Duchess.

Soon his mother left, and a light meal to restore his strength was brought in.

Helmut focused on recovery for several days.

The next day he could stand up from the bed, and the day after that he could walk a little.

Even so, he couldn’t go beyond the vicinity of the room.

There was still no contact from Alea. It seems her research hasn’t ended yet.

His mother visited him every day, and when he could walk, she said it would be good to move locations.

“After midnight, in the early morning.”

Helmut nodded.

*

He had a strange feeling. As if a foggy wind was stirring and blowing.

His senses became keen. A dawn that felt like something was about to happen.

Outside was pitch black. The place they arrived after moving by carriage with his mother was the Renosa Grand Ducal villa near Ratona.

The faintly lit villa was quiet. There was a sense of presence inside the villa mansion, but it was faint.

In Helmut’s current physical state, it was impossible to detect presences perfectly.

‘Is it the Black Wing Knights?’

His mother smiled and urged. It was still a calm and gentle smile.

It felt somewhat different from usual, but it was probably because of the tension from moving secretly late at night.

“Let’s go inside.”

Helmut followed her inside.

His mother naturally led Helmut to a certain place in the villa garden.

While saying there was a training ground good for recovering Vis.

It was a sturdy dome-shaped building. A strange sensation held back his steps. It felt somewhat chilly.

However, his mother was still smiling. As if to ease Helmut’s wariness, she went in first.

And she reached out her hand towards Helmut.

“Come on. Your sword and belongings have all been moved here.”

Helmut couldn’t refuse her words.

As he entered, it was dark before his eyes. Somehow, strength left his body. The door closed behind him. Clank.

Helmut, who had taken a few steps into the dark entrance, suddenly stopped.

He stared at the scene before him as if frozen.

Unlike the entrance, the inside was spacious and bright.

However, that place didn’t look like a training ground at all. Cracks all over the floor. Like a magic circle. His sword was nowhere to be found.

The ominous premonition becomes reality. A chilling sensation piercing him vertically. A dull noise shakes his insides.

Helmut calmly called her.

“Mother.”

Margret, who was walking ahead, quietly turned to look at him.

In her eyes reflecting Helmut’s expressionless face, there was sadness.

No, it had been there from the start. Helmut just hadn’t noticed.

“I’m sorry.”

Grateful, and sorry. Helmut finally seemed to understand which of those words his mother had really wanted to say.

‘I’m sorry.’

For making the same choice again.

Helmut gritted his teeth. The shadow of fate was looming.

A gentle voice echoed from somewhere.

“Well done, Your Highness the Grand Duchess. Now, please step back.”

The clothes of the two people walking out from the other side were dazzling.

Massive holy power could be felt from them wearing pure white clothes.

As their holy power seeped in, light spread through the cracks on the floor. It soon turned into a single magic circle.

“The preparations are complete.”

Helmut realized what kind of place this was. He could tell at a glance.

That this was the very place where he had been sent to the Forest of Roots15 years ago, on that day.

It wasn’t a dramatic betrayal.

His mother had only lured Helmut here by using his trust in her.

It’s not that there were no signs, nor that he didn’t feel anything.

Still, he wanted to believe.

That desire to believe blinded Helmut’s eyes.

Now Helmut had to pay the price for lowering his guard and trusting someone, despite having the Seed of Darkness. A terribly painful price.

Margret didn’t move. She was right beside him, looking at Helmut.

Tears overflowed from her gentle blue eyes.

“Helmut.”

That voice calling his name was as sorrowful and plaintive as on that day 15 years ago.

Who could doubt her sincerity?

But she was a woman who could make choices that betrayed her true feelings. That was the Grand Duchess of Renosa.

Even if he had no strength, it would take just a moment to reach out and break her neck.

However, Helmut stood still like a stone, only facing her.

His mother had prepared for the consequences of this betrayal. That’s why she was giving Helmut a chance.

A chance to kill her, to punish the mother who had abandoned her child twice!

Helmut let that chance pass as if he had never wished for it.

It was an irresistible force.

Although Helmut could take someone’s life without hesitation, he too had feelings he couldn’t help.

Feelings that stemmed from the beginning.

Helmut could never, ever abandon that.

Even if his mother had betrayed him.

Someone led his mother away. Helmut was left alone on the glowing sacred magic circle.

Two High Priests surrounded him. Anyway, he had neither the strength nor the sword to resist. He had fallen completely into the trap. Foolishly.

The voices of the two people echoed like a reverberation.

“O pitiful one, born with noble blood but not granted a fate befitting it.”

“One with the Seed of Darkness will surely become a calamity. Therefore…”

Soon, a bright light poured down towards Helmut. It was a light like a sun burning his body.

“May you return to the place you came from and sleep.”

Helmut closed his eyes. As powerful holy power enveloped his entire body, a burning sensation as if scorching his skin swept over him.



H.F.C Chapter 255 (Part 1):
				It was over. Everything.

The air of Forest of Roots, filled with acrid demonic energy, was oddly comforting to him.

He had lived in the human world for about a year. Yet this air was more familiar.

Helmut fully realized that he had returned.

The process of returning was incomparably simpler than the process of leaving.

The sacred magic cast by the High Priests was an absolute force against those who possessed demonic energy.

Should he be grateful that it didn’t kill him right away?

“Where is this place?”

He must have fallen somewhere random in the Forest of Roots. Whose territory would it be? Now, must he live here again?

Helmut thought calmly. But at that moment, his vision turned pitch black.

Something inside seemed to snap. A terrible emotion rushed in. The thread of reason he had been barely holding onto was easily let go.

Despair, it swallowed Helmut whole.

His heart churned, and his insides turned. Soon, an intense pain swept over him.

A pain as if grinding all his muscles and blood vessels at once!

His body bent backward and floated in the air on its own. As if in a vacuum.

It felt like a huge hole had been punctured in his heart. A hole sucking everything in! An enormous gravitational pull.

His heart, no, the Seed of Darkness, frantically absorbed the demonic energy around it, as if it were water.

The demonic energy in the Forest of Roots rapidly surged into Helmut.

Helmut’s Vis was in a state of minimal recovery, and the demonic energy filled his emptied body to overflowing. A process like dying and being reborn.

Despair handed everything over to the Seed of Darkness. While undergoing this process, consciousness sank, and Helmut’s body was perfectly deprived of control for the first time.

After a while, everything around became quiet. Has a section of the Forest of Roots ever had its demonic energy so diluted?

Helmut, who had been floating in the air, gently settled on the ground.

The moment he raised his head, Helmut’s pupils greatly dilated.

“Grrrr.”

There wasn’t a significant change. But the only thing living in those eyes was a ferocious instinct.

To kill and destroy everything alive.

Helmut began to move.

*

Elaga was lounging around as usual. It had been enjoying freedom for over a year.

The freedom to laze about comfortably! The annoying guy who always kept it in check was dead, and the one who had caused him the agony of childcare had disappeared.

Although it felt a bit empty because of that, Elaga had found a good substitute that required less effort.

Unlike the habit of monsters to kill and dominate, Elaga had taken a liking to caring for someone else.

‘It’s comfortable and nice.’

Next to Elaga, stretched out long and enjoying the sunbath, sat a small girl who looked about eight years old.

The girl with a bright face was sitting close to Elaga, showing no signs of fear.

The girl had even made a large flower crown and placed it on Elaga’s head.

The flowers were colorful and non-toxic, a rarity in the Forest of Roots.

‘Hmm?’

Suddenly, Elaga felt something. The ground trembled. A massive wave as if the forest was collapsing.

Something was moving over there. Just like a typhoon was blowing.

[What is this wave?]

Elaga got up. The flower crown fell off its head. The girl made a sad face.

“Eek, Lord Elaga?”

[Be quiet. This is not the time. You quickly go inside there. I need to go somewhere.]

Elaga swiftly scooped up the girl with its tail and pushed her into a nearby house, closing the door. A woman peeked her head out of the window from inside.

“Lord Elaga?”

[Don’t come out of the house until I return.]

“Yes.”

Elaga ran as if flying. The giant leopard sprinted through the forest with surprising agility.

The place where the wave was felt was close to its territory. Curiosity arose about what was happening there.

After a short while, Elaga arrived at the spot and frowned.

‘Hm? It’s completely devastated.’

It was eerily quiet. As if death had passed through. Trees broken and crushed, and the corpses of beasts cut into pieces.

Quite a strong one.

And over there, a human figure brimming with demonic energy was visible. Its movement stopped precisely when Elaga appeared.

‘A human?’

Elaga took a bold step towards it without tension.

There were few beings in the Forest of Roots that could make Elaga tense. Let alone if the opponent was human.

The figure’s appearance came clearly into view from within the cast shadow.

[Helmut?]

Elaga’s pupils enlarged. Elaga easily recognized the opponent.

It’s the one it had raised, wrapping and turning in its embrace since childhood. Although he had grown a bit and his scent had changed, there was no way it wouldn’t recognize him.

But the joy of recognition was short-lived; something was off.

The other didn’t seem to recognize Elaga. He just stared at Elaga warily with fierce eyes full of killing intent.

The reason Helmut didn’t immediately charge was not because he recognized Elaga, but because his instinct sensed that Elaga was very strong.



H.F.C Chapter 255 (Part 2):
				Elaga squinted its eyes.

[What’s with this guy? Suddenly appearing.]

His eyes look crazed, his condition doesn’t seem good at all. The demonic energy wafting from his body is not ordinary either. A semi-monsterfied state.

But to Elaga, who was a monster, Helmut’s monsterfied state was nothing special.

Elaga nonchalantly tapped the ground with its tail.

[What happened? No, more importantly, why are you here? I heard you were doing well outside.]

There was no answer. It was incomprehensible why this guy had suddenly appeared in the Forest of Roots.

Elaga approached Helmut step by step. Even if his mind had gone haywire, maybe if he rolled him around with his front paws like before, he would spill everything on his own.

But Helmut was no longer his former self.

Helmut’s instinct was impulsive. Feeling threatened by the approaching leopard with terrifying demonic energy, Helmut immediately turned aggressive.

Just as he had done to other beasts until now, he would tear apart the enemy. As if it were an absolute proposition.

However, Elaga easily deflected the charging Helmut with its tail. Thwack!

[What are you doing? Want to fight?]

Elaga stared at Helmut, who had fallen askew.

Killing intent flashed in Helmut’s eyes. He charged at Elaga again, as if broken. Quite powerful demonic energy erupted from his entire body.

‘Is this a challenge?’

Elaga snorted.

Elaga had never lost to Helmut. It was even less likely to lose to someone who was raging without even being in his right mind.

Because there was no one stronger than Elaga, who had even swallowed Naho’s core, in this Forest of Roots.

Thwack, thwack, thwack! Helmut’s attempts were repeatedly blocked.

Annoyed, Elaga struck Helmut down and stepped on him with its front paw.

[Where did you leave that fancy sword or whatever, to recklessly charge at me barehanded and expect to win?]

Elaga spoke with a tone of disbelief.

Human weapons do not lie in their flesh. How could that fragile body pierce through Elaga’s demonic energy and wound it?

However, Helmut didn’t seem to be listening. Despite being subdued, he bit at Elaga’s fur with his blunt teeth and convulsed.

“Graaargh!”

No matter how wildly he thrashed, he was just a small human.

Elaga sighed while pinning down Helmut with its front paw.

‘This won’t do.’

Elaga began to absorb Helmut’s demonic energy while keeping him pinned.

In the Forest of Roots, rich with demonic energy, it’s rare for beasts to show madness. It’s a comfortable environment, like fish living in water.

The Seed of Darkness was similar in nature to beasts. Whatever had stimulated it this much, it wouldn’t have lasted long normally.

But Helmut was human, so it was unclear how things would turn out.

This seemed more like a case of demonic energy intoxication. If so, the solution was to drain the demonic energy.

The Seed of Darkness surprisingly complied with Elaga’s intent, recognizing him as a stronger presence. It didn’t resist.

Helmut’s body was quickly drained, leaving only a bit of Vis.

It wasn’t long before Helmut regained his senses. His chest felt heavy, as if a stone was placed on it.

He frowned and looked up at the giant leopard pinning him down.

“Ela…ga?”

[Yes, what are you doing here?]

The moment the situation was recognized, Helmut’s breath caught.

‘What did I…’

He didn’t want to answer. There was nothing to answer.

Elaga’s questions continued.

[Did you find what you wanted outside?]

“Yeah.”

[Then why are you in this state?]

Helmut glared at Elaga. It was a cold gaze.

“Leave me alone.”

[What are you saying? After I helped you. Fine, I’ll leave you alone.]

Offended, Elaga left Helmut and abruptly departed from that place. Somehow, it felt like that’s what he should do.

Helmut was left alone. Lying there. He muttered dryly to himself.

‘Elaga is still the same.’

It was probably watching him from over there.

As if his heart was empty, he felt no emotion.

Helmut lay on the ground and looked up at the sky. The sky that was now surrounded by pitch-black darkness.

His whole body felt powerless. He had let the Seed of Darkness take over his body and ravaged through the Forest of Roots.

Whether it was good luck or bad, he hadn’t encountered any dangerous enemies. Even destroying himself wasn’t easy for Helmut.

Once again, Elaga had saved him.

‘Elaga is just a demonic beast, and yet…’

The beast had given him more affection than his own flesh and blood.

A surge of emotion welled up from a corner of his heart.

Memories flashed through his mind. Memories that were sweet for a moment, and terribly painful.

The affection he felt from his mother wasn’t a lie. She was genuinely happy that Helmut had returned.

But humans could abandon even if they loved.

They could betray even if they loved.

They could turn their backs even if they cared.

Helmut didn’t know humans could do that.

He had only believed in affection. Because those he knew had not betrayed affection.

It was bitter, but he learned a lot.

The pain of that learning was so great that Helmut never wanted to leave this forest again.

When Helmut was in the Forest of Roots, he had nothing, but he wasn’t lonely.

A life driven by longing couldn’t be lonely. If he could see the stars above and hope to reach them one day.

Even when exhausted from grueling training, that aspiration led and filled him.

But how was it when he went outside the Forest of Roots?

Helmut gained many things but in the end, returned to where he started. Having lost even what he had.

Betrayal? No. What Helmut experienced was loss. A loss that seemed irretrievable by anything.

There was still a glimmer of light flickering before his eyes. In that light, like a strand of moonlight, someone’s figure is reflected.

But if even that light goes out, then.

An enormous void swallows him. The burning heat felt like it was scorching his heart.

Something inside him had crumbled, and it seemed irreparable.

Helmut covered his eyes with his hands. They were hot.



H.F.C Chapter 256 (Part 1):
				A few days had passed, just like any other. The guests who had visited Renosa had already left.

It was a peaceful afternoon with the warm sunlight streaming down. The Grand Duchess of Renosa, Margret, gently closed and opened her eyes.

A cool breeze flowed in through the window. A teacup sat before her. It was just like any other day.

As if no hardship or sorrow had ever swept over her.

She hadn’t forgotten yet. But she didn’t regret it either.

Yes, she had no regrets. Just as she hadn’t fifteen years ago.

A child once abandoned could be abandoned twice. Why would it be impossible? She hadn’t regretted it back then either.

Helmut was already a child she considered dead. Family is formed by sharing life together, not just by blood.

Thus, Helmut was her child but not her family.

Before it came to that, Margret was forced to make a choice. Every circumstance forced that choice upon her.

Even so, the choice was hers to make.

Margret abandoned Helmut once again, and she would not forget that fact.

She would continue to live bearing another grave within her. As the Grand Duchess of Renosa.

She was prepared to bear that weight.

The seemingly fragile Margret was, in fact, a cold and strong woman. The noble life she had lived made her so.

Thud! The sound of a door opening was heard. Someone roughly pushed the door open and entered.

“Your Highness, the Duchess!”

The voice of the head maid called out in surprise.

Margret raised her head. There stood Charlotte with an expression she had never seen before.

Her two eyes were hot with passion. Those eyes were strongly condemning Margret.

“Do you know what you’ve done, Mother?”

It was a voice brimming with emotion. It was the first time Charlotte had spoken like this.

Margret lightly raised her hand, dismissing the head maid. Clunk. The door closed again.

Only then did Margret calmly open her mouth.

“It was unavoidable.”

Her expression remained terrifyingly gentle and calm. Like a lake without a single ripple.

“How could a person…!”

Charlotte’s voice was choked with reproach because, no matter what reason was given, it was unacceptable to her.

“Mother, you are the Grand Duchess, but before that, you are a mother and a human!”

A moment ago, when she heard the truth from Michael, it was like being struck by lightning.

Only then did it make sense. The inexplicable attraction. It wasn’t as a man. but as a blood relative.

Charlotte liked Helmut, respected him, and followed him.

That Helmut was betrayed in exchange for saving her.

It was betrayal. A betrayal Charlotte could not accept!

Margret quietly responded.

“It was a choice for Renosa.”

Charlotte spoke in a suppressed voice.

“How can that be, Mother? Senior Helmut saved the Grand Duke… and saved me.”

“Yes, he did.”

That’s why Helmut was spared from being executed by the High Priests.

The High Priests calmly accepted when Margret told the truth. As if they had already guessed.

High Priest Levina’s insight was not to be underestimated. As soon as she heard Helmut’s name, she recalled that ‘Helmut’ from fifteen years ago.

Levina didn’t rule out the possibility of that child surviving and escaping from the Forest of Roots, an unlikely event.

Levina was determined to confirm it, even without Margret’s permission. So it was bound to happen anyway.

Margret explained that fifteen years ago, Helmut had fallen on the outskirts of the Forest of Roots, and as a newborn, he had accidentally come out of the barrier and was saved.

She said that now that the Seed of Darkness had grown, he wouldn’t be able to leave the barrier.

Also, since he had performed a great service in saving the Grand Duke and Duchess, it would be unacceptable to kill him when he was currently without crime.

Therefore, she proposed sending him back to the Forest of Roots, from which he could not escape this time.

Margret presented the minimum point of agreement to persuade them without confronting the temple.

The High Priests agreed. It was unprecedented for someone to escape from the Forest of Roots. Whatever principle allowed it to happen, they believed it wouldn’t happen twice.

Moreover, they were burdened by the idea of eliminating Renosa’s bloodline against the Grand Duchess’ will.

They had already fallen out with Basor. It was unthinkable to turn Renosa against them as well.

Margret spoke in a clear voice. The same words as before flowed out a little longer.

“But for the sake of Renosa, and for your sake, I had to do it.”

There were more than enough reasons to abandon Helmut. Because he was dangerous for having the Seed of Darkness, or for fear of falling out with the temple. Those two reasons were sufficient, but there was one more.

The awakened Seed of Darkness bearer had killed seven members of the Black Wing Knights. He was too strong, and without Helmut, they might not have been able to stop him.

In other words, it was Helmut who stopped him. Because Helmut was that strong.

A certain unease sprouted within Margret.

Helmut was too strong. So strong that even the Commander of the Black Wing Knights couldn’t do anything.

What if he coveted the position of heir to the Grand Duke, which he should have rightfully held?

What if he tried to eliminate his two siblings, especially Michael?

No one would be able to stop him.

Even a mother is human, and it’s impossible to love all children equally.

They say all ten fingers hurt when bitten, but some fingers hurt more than others.

Margret had spent her life caring for Michael. Michael was weak and could have died at any time. It was a miracle that he survived.

How could she not love such a child?

Love for a living child must be greater than for a dead one.

Michael would not want to give up his position as heir to the Grand Duke to anyone, and in that process, he would undoubtedly fall out with Helmut, just as he had with Charlotte.

If Helmut tried to eliminate Michael then.



H.F.C Chapter 256 (Part 2):
				The Seed of Darkness is said to awaken malice and evil in people.

Helmut didn’t seem dangerous. But what if Margret’s eyes were wrong?

She couldn’t take that risk. She had two children, the Grand Duke, and Renosa to protect.

She had too much to lose, so she couldn’t exist solely as Helmut’s mother.

Helmut was too dangerous and uncontrollable. She couldn’t leave him be. Even if he left or ran away, what if he changed his mind and came back?

The only thing she could do as a mother was to die by his hands.

Just as Margret was the Grand Duchess of Renosa, Charlotte was the Grand Princess of Renosa.

And so, she caught the things Margret didn’t say in her stern gaze.

But the words coming out of her mouth were still the same.

“…You were wrong, Mother. You shouldn’t have done that.”

“I had to.”

“I simply cannot understand.”

“You’re that kind of child. I know.”

Margret nodded slowly. Firmness emanated from her.

Tears flowed from Charlotte’s eyes. The sense of guilt was hers, not her ruthless family’s.

But Charlotte was not one to simply weep in guilt. Her life, her sword, her beliefs.

Charlotte had not grown up to be a weak girl.

A storm of betrayal, guilt, and sympathy passed through her.

And in the calm Charlotte, a resolution was formed. This resolution would now become her everything.

A determined light settled in Charlotte’s eyes.

She declared.

“I will set things right.”

Margret looked at her with incomprehensible eyes.

“What has been done, even if it cannot be undone, can still be corrected.”

“Even if it harms Renosa?”

“Yes, because unlike you, Mother, I want to be human before being the Duchess of Renosa.”

She had been saved. They were blood relatives. Living with guilt and gratitude was not enough.

Charlotte didn’t want to live bearing a grave.

She had to repay that debt to the person concerned. Without fail.

“Charlotte.”

Margret’s face contorted for the first time. A soft voice, as if pleading, as if coaxing.

In the past, she would have wavered at her mother’s voice and gaze. But not anymore.

“It’s no use trying to stop me.”

Charlotte turned her back and left the place.

Helmut would be alive in the Forest of Roots. She believed.

That belief would guide Charlotte to him.

*

Everything happened in just a few days. In the few days when contact with Helmut was cut off.

It wasn’t that Alea wanted it to be that way. The problem started when she heard those words from Heike.

“The temple’s movements? Well, it seems the High Priests are busy because some priests were killed.”

Heike shrugged.

“The priests were killed? Who did it?”

“I don’t know. Ah, but have you taken over Lampione’s dungeon yet?”

“Not yet.”

“There should be ‘that thing’ left in Lampione’s dungeon. It would be very useful in a fight against the temple.”

At Heike’s words, Alea immediately explored the dungeon and found ‘the thing’.

It seemed that mastering ‘the thing’ would require quite a tricky process. It would take at least a few days.

But if there was a conflict with the temple, ‘the thing’ would be a great force.

Alea calculated and concluded. She thought that even if contact was cut off for those few days, nothing serious would happen to Helmut.

After focusing without even sleeping, Alea succeeded in mastering ‘it’ and felt ecstatic.

Only then did she realize quite some time had passed and thought of her forgotten boyfriend.

Wanting to tell Helmut this news first, she immediately tried to contact him.

However, her artifact didn’t work. No signal at all.

As if… he didn’t exist in this world.

Her blood ran cold.

Alea immediately realized something was wrong and headed to Renosa.

In Ratona, Helmut’s existence was already nowhere to be found. Everything was clean and peaceful as if wiped clean.

Over several days, Alea explored the entire Ratona with Heike’s help and read the memories of the earth.

In the process, Alea learned that the High Priests had visited Ratona.

This could not be a mere coincidence.

If Helmut had disappeared, that event must be absolutely related to the Grand Duchess of Renosa.

Alea tracked the Grand Duchess’s whereabouts and finally found where Helmut had last disappeared.

The Grand Duke’s Mansion. Alea, who had infiltrated there, realized the identity of the holy magic performed there.

“Teleportation magic.”

An absolute punishment. Banishment to the Forest of Roots.

Helmut was sent to the place he had spent his lifetime escaping from. For him, with the Seed of Darkness, he cannot cross the sacred barrier.

It felt like a death sentence had been passed. What she thought would be a brief separation had torn them apart forever.

Why had she been so obsessed with the dungeon? Not knowing what situation he was in.

Regret and despair swept over Alea. She could almost see how Helmut must be feeling, even without seeing him.

She couldn’t be by his side at the most important moment.

But soon she raised her head straight.

‘No, I can bring him back. I’ll make it happen.’

Alea didn’t blame herself. She was a mage. Mages are beings who make the impossible possible.

Helmut is strong and familiar with the Forest of Roots. There’s also the leopard that took care of him.

Helmut must be alive. As long as he’s alive, Alea can go find him.

And she will cross the sacred barrier and liberate Helmut from there.

Alea clearly told Heike.

“I’m going to the Forest of Roots.”

To go and meet Helmut.

A clear light rose in Alea’s amethyst-like eyes.

She would bring Helmut back, and also make those who sent him back to the Forest of Roots pay the price someday.



H.F.C Chapter 257 (Part 1): From the Bottom
				It took quite a long time to get back up again.

Falling from the cliff to the bottom, everything about Helmut was shattered.

Looking up from the broken state, all that could be seen was the cliff. There must be a sky above it, but that sky was ashen. Who would want to climb towards an ashen sky?

Despair breeds lethargy. Helmut was deep in lethargy.

A fire without firewood can no longer blaze. It seemed like all that remained for him was ashes.

His once vivid and intense eyes lost their light, and his expressionless face was clouded with emptiness.

After pouring out all his emotions, he felt nothing, as if he had become empty. No pain, no hatred, no anguish.

‘Maybe I’ve decided not to feel.’

Emptiness devours life. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know what meaning there would be in doing anything.

Just a monster living and breathing as it is.

Because he didn’t want such a life, because he wanted to be human, he left this place, but in the end, he was back where he started.

‘Just like this…’

He didn’t want to do anything. Immersed in the emptiness that deeply filled his lungs, what Helmut chose was silence and sleep.

He spent the day listlessly lying in place, not knowing how it passed.

That day became two days, then three days, and flowed on like water.

A completely different life from when he lived in the Forest of Roots before.

The previous Helmut didn’t waste even a single day, but the Helmut then and now were different.

Helmut had grown, but the driving force that made him grow was gone.

Helmut abandoned even the training ingrained in his body and lived like a corpse.

Lying on the ground, quietly gazing at the sky.

The abundant magical energy in the Forest of Roots quickly restored his body, and the Seed of Darkness slowly regained its momentum.

Though not as fiercely as before, it exerted enough influence over Helmut.

While his body recovered, the recovery of his mind was slower.

What truly moves humans is, in fact, the mind. So Helmut was in a state no different from being fatally wounded.

Helmut’s lethargy was in a realm incomprehensible to some.

For the first time in his life, the white leopard looked with displeasure at Helmut, who was being lazier than when he was a newborn.

‘Well, I was glad to see him return.’

But the joy of reunion was brief. In Elaga’s eyes, Helmut’s state was utterly incomprehensible.

The guy who rarely cried even as a newborn was suddenly whining, which was strange, so it left him alone, but it was getting worse.

For a weak human, Helmut hadn’t eaten or drunk anything for days.

The past of swinging the sword like mad was long gone, and the sight of him lying like dead was somehow unpleasant to see. A slight sense of urgency arose.

‘He shouldn’t starve to death.’

Whether he had the Seed of Darkness or had grown stronger, in Elaga’s eyes, Helmut was still a miserably weak and young human.

And taking care of Helmut so he doesn’t die is something Elaga is used to.

It still couldn’t shake the habit of looking after something. It was this habit that made it look after other humans as well.

Frustratingly, Elaga, following its old habits, shoved food at Helmut and scolded:

[How long are you going to stay like this? Eat this!]

What Elaga thrust at Helmut was meat. Now that there was a cook to prepare its prey nicely, it was jerky with seasoning.

However, Helmut didn’t even glance at it.

Elaga scolded again.

[Those who don’t hunt don’t deserve to eat, but I’m giving this to you as a special treat since you’ve returned. Eat it now!]

“I don’t need it.”

As the brief refusal fell, a fierce growl leaked from the massive white leopard.

[Grrrrrr.]

Elaga did not tolerate Helmut rejecting its goodwill.

[Should I shove it down your throat?]

A cold light flashed in Elaga’s eyes. It was literal sincerity.

The Forest of Roots is a world of survival of the fittest. The weak must obey the strong.

Helmut realized in a strange way that he had indeed returned.

‘How annoying.’

In the outside world, Helmut had never met a human stronger than himself. He had only been outnumbered.

This situation of being newly placed in a weak position stimulated Helmut’s dulled senses.

‘It’s bothersome.’

But what could he do? Elaga was strong and could carry out its threats. And Helmut didn’t even have his sword.

Helmut forcibly chewed and swallowed the jerky.

Elaga watched Helmut eat the jerky with a gaze too fierce to be called motherly. And only after the meal was finished did it leave.

Elaga didn’t sit around all day to torment Helmut, but

this was repeated daily. Of course, not for long.



H.F.C Chapter 257 (Part 2): From the Bottom
				Elaga was never a considerate or understanding creature to begin with, and why Helmut was acting like this wasn’t an important issue to it.

It was only important that in Elaga’s eyes, Helmut appeared to be lazy, and that was unpleasant to see.

Before long, Elaga, whose patience had reached its limit, shouted.

[How long are you going to live on what I bring you to eat! You useless creature!]

But Helmut didn’t respond. Amidst the pouring scolding, Helmut lay still as if he had blocked his ears.

Finally, Elaga frowned and asked.

[What exactly happened outside? Did your mother abandon you again, saying she doesn’t need a cursed child?]

Helmut’s body twitched slightly at that question.

Only then did Elaga realize.

[So that’s what happened. I thought something was off about your state.]

I sent you off to the human world, only for you to return betrayed. After a moment, Elaga bluntly said.

[Stupid fool.]

Those words were purely criticism, not at all meant as comfort. To Elaga, the one who gets beaten is at fault. Of course, it wasn’t like that when it was the one getting beaten.

[So how long are you going to live uselessly like this? Are you trying to die?]

With a flick of its tail, Helmut muttered dryly.

“Leave me alone.”

For the first time, some emotion showed on his face. It was irritation. But that irritation was soon covered again by emptiness.

He reacted to stimuli, but the reaction was quickly buried.

Elaga persisted and asked.

[If I leave you alone, how long will you stay like this?]

“…”

Instead of giving an open-ended answer, Helmut chose silence, and ironically, Elaga read hope in his silence.

The fact that Helmut hadn’t completely given up on everything.

‘His will to live isn’t completely extinguished.’

Desire makes humans live on. What Helmut needs now is to want something again.

‘He’s strong for a human, so he’ll get back up someday.’

Elaga could guarantee that much.

Isn’t Helmut the first non-human to survive in this Forest of Roots and reach the outside world?

But until that ‘someday’ arrived, Elaga couldn’t just leave him alone.

Elaga was a demonic beast lacking in empathy, and even if Helmut had been abandoned by his parents yesterday, he would still mistreat him today and have plenty left over. For someone like that, it had been very patient.

‘I guess I have to help him.’

It would have been more like Elaga to beat him into submission.

But even Elaga had a soft spot for Helmut.

Elaga decided to help Helmut in a more moderate way.

Beasts live busy lives eating, drinking, and hunting. Helmut should rightfully live such a life too.

Especially since Elaga was a diligent beast. Wasn’t it taking care of new things now that Helmut had left and it had become free?

‘She might be of help.’

As soon as that thought occurred to it, Elaga went to find her.

[Susan.]

When it called from outside the house, a woman showed her face by opening the window.

“Yes, Elaga!”

The woman who answered briskly had neatly tied brown hair and a pretty face.

An attractive human woman in her late 20s. To look that way even in the Forest of Roots where there’s no need to dress up or groom oneself, she must have been considered quite a beauty in the outside world.

Susan was a noble. As nobles often do, she got caught up in a power struggle and was thrown into the Forest of Roots with her young daughter after losing her husband.

She was lucky. It’s a far-fetched thing for a human woman with no power, be it sword or magic, to survive in the Forest of Roots, but she met Erugo and survived.

And the luckier part is that Erugo died not long after she fell into his hands. Along with the owner of the human farm where she was.

There were dangerous moments. As soon as Naho died, the monsters lurking near his territory bared their teeth greedily towards the fragile humans. It was on a whole different level than the previous offensives.

The injured Erugo could do nothing.

Thinking that beasts would no longer run wild now that Naho had awakened, he stepped out of the lab and was immediately caught alive by sharp teeth.

Other humans followed a similar course. Without Naho and Erugo, they were powerless, and the attacking beasts were strong enough to break down the walls of the houses where the humans were hiding.

When Elaga absorbed Naho’s core and immediately found the human farm, everything was almost over.

All those humans were completely devoured by the greedy beasts without leaving even corpses.

Susan was holding her daughter tightly and holding her breath in Erugo’s lab.

Luckily escaping to Erugo’s lab whose door was open, she managed to survive there for days with only a small amount of water and food.

Erugo’s lab, the most solid hiding place, was the only one that didn’t collapse under the beasts’ offensive.

They were the only survivors. The reason Susan and Sarah survived was that while she was escaping with her daughter, others became sacrifices.

Elaga found their location by smell. They were terrified when Elaga spoke to them from outside the lab.

[Hey, humans in there. How are you doing?]

A beast intelligent enough to communicate with humans. Unlike the vicious Naho, they quickly opened up to Elaga, a beautiful white leopard.

In fact, Susan and Sarah had no choice but to rely on Elaga’s mercy.

There was no point in just holding out in the lab; once the food ran out, it would be over anyway.

“We, we’re okay.”

[So only you two survived.]

Elaga clicked its tongue. If it didn’t take care of these two, they would be eaten by demonic beasts like the other humans.

Without hesitation, Elaga took these two humans under its wing.

For some reason, it felt natural to Elaga.

Just as it had protected and raised Helmut, Elaga would do the same for them. It was Elaga’s hobby and habit.

‘I’ve raised a male, now it’s females.’

And the latter was certainly more enjoyable to raise.

While Helmut was an unlovable and arrogant fellow, Susan and Sarah were cute and gentle.

Above all, these two trusted and followed Elaga.

Seeing Susan and Sarah rushing out of the house to greet him whenever he brought back prey, Elaga felt like he had become a head of household.

It was a novel experience.

‘Wounds inflicted by humans should be healed by humans.’

Elaga thought simply. And it said to Susan, who was looking at it with eyes full of trust.

[You have a job to do.]



H.F.C Chapter 258 (Part 1):
				The surroundings were desolate and quiet. An unusual peace had settled in this part of the Forest of Roots.

No beast in the area was unaware that Helmut was under Elaga’s protection. Therefore, he wouldn’t be attacked.

For Helmut, it was a familiar day, but that day was different. As Elaga approached lazily, Helmut sensed a faint presence beside it.

Helmut turned his head. Two humans stood next to Elaga. One was a woman, the other a small girl.

Elaga spoke triumphantly.

[Now, why don’t you humans have a chat with each other?]

“Um, hello?”

“He… llo?”

[That guy’s name is Helmut. The bigger one is Susan, the smaller one is Sarah.]

Helmut quietly observed the woman and girl who cautiously greeted him.

There was only one reason he reacted. This was the Forest of Roots. It wasn’t an environment where the fragile humans before him could survive. He could guess who they were.

‘Naho’s… livestock, perhaps.’

The young girl, Sarah, ran up to Helmut and asked,

“I’m Sarah. Why is Helmut lying in a place like that?”

‘Is this Elaga’s new hobby?’

It seems it’s taken an interest in caring for humans after grumbling about it. Helmut’s interest ended there.

After withdrawing his gaze from them, Helmut closed his eyes again.

Black hair and black eyes. Although incomparably more delicate compared to the demonic beasts in the Forest of Roots, Helmut somehow exuded an intimidating aura. A boy with a dry and cold atmosphere.

Although they had heard Elaga raised him, there was no sense of familiarity. It’s difficult for a boy raised in the Forest of Roots to be ordinary.

The woman hesitated, unable to speak. Sarah, less perceptive than her, bravely thrust her face towards Helmut.

Elaga had given permission to bother Helmut as much as they wanted, disregarding the subject’s wishes.

“Helmut, doesn’t your back hurt lying like that?”

“Helmut, where did you come from? Where were you born?”

“Helmut, Helmut, Helmut!”

Helmut couldn’t help but react to her incessant chattering.

“Don’t bother me.”

Though brief, his words were abruptly cutting, with a hint of ferocity.

The girl flinched, her face immediately contorting. And then,

“Waaahh!”

A piercing cry tore through their eardrums.

Helmut raised his Vis to block out the sound.

To think that the first time he used Vis after all this was for something like this.

‘Elaga.’

It’s doing unnecessary things. He had told it to leave him alone. It never respects his wishes.

Of course, Elaga had its reasons. Elaga was an insensitive leopard and the ruler of this domain. And Elaga still acted as if it were Helmut’s guardian.

“Sa-Sarah. Don’t cry.”

Susan hugged her daughter to comfort her. Elaga frowned, looking alternately at Sarah and Helmut, then spoke gruffly.

[Making a child cry, what a temper.]

That wasn’t something anyone could deny, but Elaga wasn’t exactly in a position to say it.

Sarah soon stopped crying. But she didn’t leave Susan’s arms, staying tightly embraced. It wasn’t at all an atmosphere for conversation.

Elaga, dissatisfied, tapped the ground with its tail and gently pushed them with it.

[We’ll come back tomorrow.]

Helmut didn’t answer. His answer wouldn’t have mattered anyway.

The problem was that Elaga really kept its word.

The next day, it brought the two human females to visit Helmut again.

This time, they came with a basket full of food that Susan had personally cooked.

There was even bread, somehow baked with ingredients they had obtained. It’s food that’s hard to come by in the Forest of Roots.

However, Helmut didn’t show any reaction to the food that was emitting a delicious aroma.

Helmut had tasted all sorts of delicacies from the outside world. Also, while some fill the emptiness in their hearts by filling their stomachs, Helmut was the opposite.

This time too, Helmut only chewed and swallowed the food perfunctorily after being threatened by Elaga that it would force it down his throat if he didn’t eat.

“Um, how does it taste?”

Susan asked cautiously.

She was of noble origin. The boy before her seemed far younger in comparison.

But there was a feeling that she couldn’t treat him carelessly, which naturally made her speech more polite.

Helmut didn’t respond this time either. He chewed and swallowed the food perfunctorily, then lay back down.

These unfamiliar women, the existence of humans, irritated him like insects crawling on his skin, but he chose not to react.

“Helmut, hello!”

Children are simple. Sarah, her mood recovered in just a day, tried to speak to him again, but Helmut ignored her.

This time, Sarah didn’t cry. Susan and Sarah spent time there, chattering with each other, regardless of Helmut’s silence.

They passed the time doing needlework they had brought or reading books from who knows where. As if Helmut was just a background to them.

Elaga occasionally conversed with them, staying there for hours before taking them away.

This continued. Not every day, but quite frequently, about every other day.

And at some point, their visits became unbearably irritating to Helmut.

They weren’t constantly talking to him, but just their presence, moving around and making noise next to him.

It invaded the time Helmut desired.

What Helmut wanted was just silence. A swamp-like silence where no one existed. He wanted to be immersed in that. He needed no one.

But the voices he could hear even without listening, their movements, their existence. He tried to ignore it, but even the act of trying to ignore it was irritating, and at some point, it became unbearable.

Helmut finally called out to Elaga when it came to visit him alone a few days later.



H.F.C Chapter 258 (Part 2):
				“Elaga.”

[Have you finally decided to get up?]

Elaga raised its head proudly, as if it knew this would happen. A cold voice flowed from Helmut.

“Don’t you think I might harm them?”

Elaga snorted derisively.

[Don’t be ridiculous, you weakling. As long as I’m watching with both eyes wide open, you can’t do that.]

It was Elaga who was being ridiculous. No matter how easily it subdued his rampages, Elaga couldn’t prevent him from breaking the neck of a woman right in front of him.

‘Does Elaga think I won’t do that?’

Elaga couldn’t guess how much Helmut might have changed in the human world.

Was that confidence born from a beast’s instinct? The one who knew best that Elaga’s confidence was right was Helmut himself.

No matter how broken he was, no matter how immersed in emptiness and despair, Helmut was still Helmut.

Helmut doesn’t do such things.

Absolutely not.

They say humans have a rock bottom, but Helmut’s rock bottom didn’t reach the point of harming the weak out of frustration.

It was his nature. An unadulterated essence that couldn’t be twisted or degenerated.

Helmut realized that he hadn’t shattered.

Like an unbroken bead among fallen fragments.

He just needed time now. He didn’t know how much he needed, but.

Elaga casually threw a question.

[What do you think? Those two women.]

“What do I think?”

Helmut asked coldly. One might be considered a woman, but the other was too young to be called a woman.

[Which one do you like more?]

Helmut doubted his ears for a moment. The nuance of the question sounded strange.

“Which one do I like more?”

[Yeah, I’ve been thinking. It might be a bit early, but you’re almost of age in human years. It’s time for you to find a mate. That might make you feel better.]

Elaga thought that the wound from his mother could be healed by creating a new family.

Its intention in bringing Susan and Sarah wasn’t simply for them to befriend Helmut.

Elaga was presenting them to Helmut. it didn’t consider their wishes. After all, Helmut was a cute and strong human male.

It didn’t think of them as livestock, but unlike the independent Helmut, the two women were completely dependent on Elaga. They were as good as Elaga’s possessions.

Elaga threw out, as if doing him a favor.

[Choose whichever one you like. The younger one will need some time to grow, but there’d be less of an age gap than with Susan.]

Helmut unknowingly shouted fiercely.

“Elaga, are you out of your mind?”

Curses and condemnations filled his throat.

[Watch your language. I’m saying this all for your sake. What’s the problem?]

“You don’t know what the problem is?”

His chest felt tight. Right, Elaga, being a beast, might not understand.

But really, bringing a mother and daughter and telling him to choose one of them. It was unacceptable from the perspective of human common sense and ethics.

Even for Helmut, who was dull to such things, hearing Elaga’s words made him feel not just frustrated, but angry.

It was stimulating Helmut in some way.

[Having a mate, bonding, having children, it’ll make your life here more bearable. That’s what humans say.]

“You’re wrong. That’s not me. And not them.”

Helmut cut off decisively. He had never been this resolute in his life.

Elaga tilted its head, genuinely curious.

[Why not? Have you met women outside?]

“I have.”

[Was she pretty?]

It seemed that even a monster’s eyes could discern human beauty.

Helmut frowned. A memory he didn’t want to remember, one he had forcibly buried within himself, faintly surfaced.

A girl with silver hair and purple eyes.

“She was beautiful.”

Elaga spoke with a pitiful tone.

[But you’re in the Forest of Roots now, and you can’t meet her anymore, right? That woman might stab you in the back like your mother, too.]

“I know.”

Helmut spat out coldly. At this point, it was questionable whether Elaga was deliberately digging into his wounds.

Was it telling him to despair even more, since he was already in despair?

[Was she really that beautiful? Is that why these don’t catch your eye?]

“Yes. So why don’t you find a mate, Elaga?”

Whether it was a leopard or some other beast, as long as it was its kind. Why not choose one among beasts instead of treating them like livestock?

Was it trying to build a farm without even eating humans? Telling him to mate with any woman and have offspring, was truly a beast’s sentiment.

In any case, Helmut had no intention of complying. His family had betrayed him, and his heart had been trampled.

Even Darien’s sword had been taken from him, and all that remained was himself. Helmut was sick of both humans and emotions.

‘Feeling this way, I guess I’ve become quite human-like.’

Helmut suddenly realized how much he had changed in the human world.

[If you really don’t want to, then don’t. But since you’re all humans, try to get along.]

Elaga turned its back after speaking as it pleased, inwardly grumbling about how picky he was.

Only after he was alone again did his surging emotions subside.

He thought there was no heat left in him, but strangely, those stimuli from Elaga broke through Helmut’s lethargy.

It shook the core of his sunken self.

That shaking, faster than expected, made Helmut stand up.

About two months after returning to the Forest of Roots and spending time meaninglessly, Helmut picked up his sword again.



H.F.C Chapter 259 (Part 1):
				Whoosh―

A powerful resonance fills the space. Precise and flawless movements.

There wasn’t a single instructor who didn’t admire his sword practice.

Swordsmanship that slices through the wind, dividing the air. Yet those movements were extremely natural.

It was swordsmanship perfectly ingrained in his body after years of harsh training.

Even though there had been a recent gap in those years, long-established habits didn’t disappear.

Helmut was inherently like rock or iron. As his essence was such, once something was engraved, it didn’t change easily.

However, regardless of how it appeared, Helmut felt a subtle discomfort.

‘It’s awkward somehow.’

A body that had been perfectly trained. Attempting intense movements after a long time, it feels stiff and rusty somewhere.

Vis has a property of trying to preserve the body in its best condition.

Even if it had stiffened, it wouldn’t return to a softer state worse than that of an average person.

But even so, a body that hadn’t moved for two months couldn’t be in its best condition.

However, Helmut knew what to do. He swung his sword, forgetting the flow of time.

Until heat circulated throughout his body, melting the parts that had hardened like candle wax.

The more he swung his sword, the more smoothly his body moved, as if lubricant had been applied to the creaking parts. In deep immersion.

After a while, Helmut naturally emerged from his immersion.

‘Still not enough. I’ll need to do this for a few more days.’

Helmut raised his head. It was already night. No, dawn perhaps. He couldn’t tell.

The piece of metal in his grip asserted its presence heavily. It meant he was tired.

‘A sword……’

The only thing left to him.

That place, which had been Naho’s human farm, was full of weapons that had lost their owners. Although there were no longer any people left who could wield weapons.

It seems that bringing weapons into the Forest of Roots wasn’t prohibited.

Being sent to the Forest of Roots itself was a death sentence. Was there any need to take away weapons when sending someone to this place teeming with demonic beasts?

At least, they could show the final mercy of allowing one to end their own life before being eaten by monsters.

Anyway, one of the ownerless swords was in Helmut’s grip. Susan had brought it to him.

It was a sword with an unfamiliar feel. It was heavier than Darien’s sword that he used to use.

Darien’s sword. His master’s keepsake that had perfectly fit his hand.

‘Now I’ll never be able to wield that sword again.’

Because Darien’s sword was in Renosa. They might have melted it in a furnace to erase all traces. Just like they erased him.

In an instant, some kind of intense emotion swept over him. Hot and painful, and burning fiercely.

Helmut gritted his teeth tightly, and that pain slowly subsided.

But its aftereffects remained dully. The furrowed eyebrows slowly smoothed out. One becomes immune to any kind of pain.

He had to get used to it.

He had to overcome it.

Cold wind fills his lungs. What remains in the place once filled with ardent desire is only emptiness.

Now Helmut had to find something to fill that emptiness. Again.

He could do it. Because Helmut was still young. An immeasurably long time stretched out before him.

‘Darien, you said it. As long as I don’t lose myself, I can rise again.’

There were times when he almost completely collapsed. But in the moment when Helmut had lost himself, Elaga saved him.

Destruction was not allowed for Helmut. Because Elaga was there.

As long as Elaga was there, as long as he was in the Forest of Roots, Helmut bore an obligation. The obligation to live on.

So he picked up the sword.

‘I am not weak.’

Helmut was not a being weak enough to be engulfed by despair and struggle. He just needed a break.

It seems that even he didn’t believe deep in his heart that he would live on in a collapsed state.

Helmut had certainty. Certainty about himself. That certainty was brought by his sword, his strength.

That’s why only the sword remained.

*

[Oh, finally.]

Elaga, who had been sauntering over, let out a short exclamation. It must have been quite frustrated all this time.

[Lazy kid. Why did it take so long?]

“I ate well.”

Helmut completely ignored Elaga and spoke to Susan for the first time, handing her the basket she had left.

It was completely empty inside. Yesterday, realizing Helmut had left his place, Susan had quietly left the basket.

Susan looked at Helmut as if bewildered. Sarah, who was standing holding her hand tightly, pointed at Helmut with wide eyes.

“He’s standing!”

To her, Helmut had been a somehow scary invalid who lay around all day doing nothing. The sudden change in his appearance was unfamiliar.

“How’s your body? It must be tough trying to train after so long.”

“It’s fine.”

Helmut answered business-like. Unlike Elaga’s intention, Helmut had no desire to become friendly with this mother and daughter. It was mere courtesy.

‘Courtesy……’

This too was something he had learned from the outside.

“Is that sword alright? There are other swords in the village, if you want, maybe you should look at them……”

“No.”

Unless it’s a famous sword like Darien’s, they’re all similar anyway. As long as he’s under Elaga’s shadow, there will be almost nothing to cut in this area of the Forest of Roots anyway.

Helmut, who had cut her off sharply, looked down at the sword in his hand. Its polished, gleaming surface caught his eye. The blade was also quite sharply honed.

Even though it must have been quite a long time since it lost its owner.

“The sword has been maintained.”

Susan smiled gently.

“My brother was a knight. I often saw him maintaining his sword. I tried to imitate it a bit.”



H.F.C Chapter 259 (Part 2):
				What flashed across her smile was sadness. Susan had survived, but her brother couldn’t escape death. She survived because she was a noble, but was exiled Instead.

“I was the daughter of a noble family. I lost everything except this child and was thrown into this forest. But still.”

What was revealed in Susan’s eyes was neither despair nor resignation. Rather, it was.

“I survived, and because of that, I have a future. No matter what my reality is, at least I can dream of the future. Because I’m alive.”

What was reflected in her eyes was hope and the will to live.

She may look frail on the outside, but she’s a strong woman. Helmut felt that.

Not physical strength, but inner strength. A kind that was hard to find among the humans of the Forest of Roots.

Even Darien, the strongest human Helmut had met, was under the shadow of despair and distrust.

As the two were making eye contact, Elaga tilted her head and exclaimed.

[Ooh, you two have a good atmosphere going?]

“Please don’t try to match us up, Elaga. Helmut is even younger than my youngest brother.”

Susan cut it off in a gentle tone. It felt strange to be treated like a child.

Elaga grumbled.

[To me, you all look about the same. Human lifespans are so dreadfully short.]

It felt like it was disappointed that it couldn’t create a new farm by matching them up.

Even while being treated like a pet, Susan seemed to have adapted to Elaga as she just smiled slightly and let it pass.

“And doesn’t Helmut have someone he left behind outside?”

Helmut raised an eyebrow.

“Elaga told you?”

“No, I just felt it. Your eyes…… They give the impression of someone who has left someone behind.”

[Anyway, if she’s that pretty, she’ll soon hit it off with some other guy.]

Helmut felt a strong urge to swing the sword in his hand. He couldn’t act on it only because it was an opponent he was bound to lose to.

“Elaga, such words are rude.”

[In the Forest of Roots, I am etiquette!]

“You’re hurting Helmut’s feelings. It’s not right for someone as strong as you, Elaga, to say things that hurt others.”

Susan spoke as if scolding a child. It seems their relationship isn’t as one-sided as it initially appeared.

[What did I do wrong?]

As Elaga grumbled and closed its mouth, Susan immediately looked at Helmut. It was a gaze full of trust to the point of being burdensome.

“Since you’ve gone out once, I’ll trust you then.”

‘What?’

So that’s what she means. That she intended to follow Helmut out. Helmut looked Susan over.

“You don’t have the Seed of Darkness.”

That’s an advantageous condition, but in exchange for not having the seed of darkness, she also doesn’t have Vis. She’s just an ordinary human woman.

But her body, which has eaten and drunk in the Forest of Roots, has a faint magical energy dwelling in it.

Because of that, holy power would burn her, and Susan wouldn’t be able to withstand the sacred barrier even for a moment.

At best, Elaga might be able to take her to the barrier, but even if she crossed the barrier, it was questionable whether Susan could protect herself from wild beasts. She looked far from capable of violence.

“You think I won’t be able to pass through the barrier, right?”

“Yes.”

It’s not just her. Helmut too, and that little girl over there. Crossing the barrier is currently impossible.

“I heard how Helmut left the Forest of Roots. But couldn’t there be other ways besides that method?”

“There could be. But.”

Helmut’s lips moved. His expressionless face crumbled slightly, distorting minutely.

“I have no reason to leave.”

“You have someone you left behind, don’t you?”

“She might…”

“You won’t know how she thinks of you until you meet her.”

Susan’s clear eyes spoke as if she knew without asking.

Alea already knows that Helmut has the Seed of Darkness. There was a special bond between them.

However, time makes one forget emotions and buries many things. Even if Helmut were to leave the Forest of Roots again, he didn’t know how many years it would take.

If even Alea…

As that thought occurred to him, a sharp pain surged up. A lump of malice writhing in his chest. Could he endure that situation?

There’s no Elaga in the outside world. If the Seed of Darkness goes berserk, Helmut will eventually meet the same end as that guy from before.

Only then did Helmut finally understand why Darien had given up on revenge.

Even if he left, there would only be empty revenge. What use is it if there’s nothing to grasp in this hand?

“Think about it slowly. Helmut has just gotten up, after all.”

Susan smiled kindly. Helmut realized why he felt she was strong.

The eyes of someone who has risen from despair. And she had a reason why she had to rise from despair.

That reason, who had been listening to their conversation with perked ears, raised her hand.

“I want to learn the sword!”

Sarah’s gaze was fixed on Helmut. It’s a determined face. As if that’s what she had wanted from the beginning. Helmut asked.

“Why do you want to learn the sword?”

Do you want to become strong and leave the Forest of Roots too? Like I did before. The question that arose in his mind. However, Sarah’s answer was a bit different from Helmut’s.

“Because I want to become strong! Because I don’t want to live weak! Mom’s hopeless and I’m young so I can become strong. I’ll become strong and protect mom!”

Sarah’s eyes were clear and bright.

Eyes full of determination.

Helmut knows a girl named Charlotte. She was a talented and strong swordswoman. Sarah’s talent is unknown, but if she comes from a sword family, there’s potential.

‘If a child without the Seed of Darkness becomes a swordswoman who can use Vis, she might be able to cross the barrier.’

Elaga nodded.

[Yeah, Sarah’s been running around swinging tree branches anyway. You should at least earn your keep for all you’ve eaten. Teach her some swordsmanship.]

It was already feeling very troublesome. But at least, Helmut now had something to do. These people would become his driving force.

Helmut soon nodded slowly.

“Alright.”



H.F.C Chapter 260 (Part 1):
				Sarah adapted to Helmut’s training better than expected. It wasn’t because she had a temperament that could withstand strenuous training. It was because she found it fun.

If Helmut was the type to focus on a single goal with perseverance and tenacity, Sarah enjoyed and loved swordsmanship itself.

‘That’s also a quality of a swordsman.’

Of course, Helmut didn’t put her through the harsh training that Darien had done to him.

Sarah’s training was similar to the first-year curriculum at the academy. It was about learning basic postures and Vis controlling methods.

‘I shouldn’t teach her crudely like Darien did.’

Darien was the type who would think that if Helmut had died, it wasn’t because of harsh training, but because he was weak.

Unlike him, Helmut prided himself on being a bit more cultured and sensible.

Since he had decided to teach, he would do so systematically, following the academy education like the instructors did.

Besides, she didn’t have a reason to push herself to death like Helmut did.

‘This child doesn’t have the Seed of Darkness. And for a girl, I’m not sure about her physical strength.’

The only example Helmut knew was Charlotte. Even then, he didn’t know much about her.

In a place where there were no proper doctors, let alone proper medicine, it would be a big problem if she fell ill or got sick.

Above all, Elaga watched with glaring eyes. It seemed worried that Helmut might do something to Sarah.

[You’re not going to go berserk again, are you? Once a person gets a taste, they might go for it again, so I have to keep an eye on you.]

Using that excuse, Elaga sat down near them and fidgeted.

Hunting was something it finished in no time during the morning anyway.

“My Seed of Darkness is in a stable state.”

Helmut replied with a confident tone and stroked his chest.

The Seed of Darkness, which had returned to the Forest of Roots, a cradle full of demonic energy, had been quite calm since it was drained of power by Elaga.

It seemed unlikely that he would go berserk again.

Not only would there be no more incidents to make him lose his reason, but even if it did go berserk, nothing serious would happen. Because Elaga was there.

‘Even without Elaga, I won’t allow the Seed of Darkness to dominate me again.’

Helmut vowed that he would never again let himself go so weakly. That was merely an escape and unworthy of a swordsman. If Darien had known, he would have scolded him harshly.

Helmut looked at the incredibly strong white leopard beside him for a moment and asked.

“What happened to Naho after I left?”

Suddenly, he became curious about it.

[You’re asking now? Of course, I won. I had a hard time draining its power because the one-headed thing was rampaging, intoxicated by its own venom. I had a bit more trouble swallowing and digesting the core of that ugly thing. What a hassle, cleaning up after you.]

“But you got stronger because of it.”

[I was already strong! There’s no use in getting even stronger!]

Elaga snorted. It was a story that would make others envious if they heard it. Helmut suddenly asked.

“Elaga, have you ever thought about leaving the Forest of Roots?”

Do magical beasts, no matter how intelligent, not think about leaving their home, the Forest of Roots?

Being so strong, doesn’t it dream of something new with that strength? Elaga was quite human-like for a magical beast. But its answer was indifferent.

[If I leave, I’ll probably just end up fighting humans who are shocked to see me. What’s the point of fighting humans I don’t even eat?]

“Like… traveling?”

Seeing different scenery, walking different paths, living a life other than as a demonic beast of the Forest of Roots.

However, Elaga seemed to have never thought about it even once.

[Travel? That’s a human concept. Why bother running around fussing over things?]

…No, it wasn’t because it was a magical beast, but because it had lived long enough to find everything troublesome.

Elaga’s diligence ended with taking care of humans.

[Are you perhaps asking me to break the barrier? How far are you going to make me clean up after you?]

Elaga burst out angrily.

“But, can you break it?”

He was genuinely curious if it was even possible. Elaga was silent for a moment.

Demonic beasts instinctively know how to measure the strength of their opponents.

For a Demonic beast like Elaga, who had lived for a long time and developed intelligence, the instincts that brought it these senses were even sharper.

‘Even if it’s not a living opponent, it should be able to sense it.’

But it seemed that even Elaga couldn’t easily judge. It spoke only after a while.

[What if I die trying? Will you take care of them?]

‘So the possibility is so low to the point that it might die.’

A barrier that even the ruler of a domain who had swallowed Naho’s core would risk its life to break.

Elaga’s entire body was a lump of magical energy. The barrier would reject it, a magical beast, with all its might.

Helmut had neither the intention nor the will to leave the Forest of Roots at the cost of Elaga’s life. That shouldn’t happen even if Elaga volunteered.

“No, never mind.”

[Just to be clear, it’s not because I’m weak! Any creature would say the same thing!]

“……”

[Why aren’t you answering! Are you ignoring me now?]

There was a brief commotion, but the conversation ended there.



H.F.C Chapter 260 (Part 2):
				Sarah was an active child.

During the time of Naho’s human farm, she had lived quietly in the village, but after meeting Elaga and being able to move around, she lived enjoying her freedom.

Thanks to running around freely under Elaga’s protection, she wasn’t like a typical noble girl without a single muscle in her hands, but had slightly tanned skin and good physical strength.

She had the basics for learning swordsmanship. And in some ways, she was more determined than Helmut.

“Hey, look at my posture. Is it right? Should I do it like this?”

“Lift your right arm, just a pinky’s width.”

“Like this? Is this it?”

Although she chattered incessantly, Sarah was enthusiastic about learning swordsmanship.

She wasn’t like Helmut, who had awakened his intelligence early due to the influence of the Seed of Darkness, but she was quite smart and persistent. This was probably due to the influence of magical energy to some extent.

Even while suffering from muscle pain, she didn’t try to give up learning the sword.

It wasn’t because Sarah was a persistent girl, but for a very simple reason.

“It’s super fun!”

‘There’s not much else to do here anyway.’

There weren’t many games for an active child to enjoy here. And she had probably tried most of them before Helmut appeared.

Elaga seemed displeased that Sarah wasn’t making flower crowns for it lately, but wielding a sword seemed to suit Sarah’s aptitude better than that.

‘It’s optimal for training.’

In the sense that one can focus solely without being distracted by other things. It was the same for Helmut.

While taking care of Sarah, Helmut also focused on his own training, and he was gradually able to shake off his memories of the human world.

“Kyaa! Look at this.”

About three months after starting to learn the sword, Sarah exclaimed excitedly as she succeeded in cutting a tree in half.

Since there was a short sword among the ownerless swords that she could handle, albeit heavily, she had been training with a real sword from the beginning.

Helmut said in a nonchalant tone.

“Yeah.”

Then, after a moment, he briefly added.

“Well done.”

Still, he remembered enough of what he learned in the human world to know what to say in such situations.

Sarah showed a bright smile.

“Right? I’m good, aren’t I?”

Even for Helmut, who had attended the Greta Academy where only prodigies gather, Sarah’s achievement seemed decent.

‘Quite fast.’

First of all, the environment was good. The Forest of Roots is full of magical energy, which also means that the entire forest is full of vitality.

In the Forest of Roots, one can achieve progress faster than in any training ground in the outside world.

Sarah was in the early stages of beginning to accept Vis. Right now, she was at the level of wielding a sword with some strength, but gradually she would be able to imbue Vis into her sword.

‘That time might come sooner than expected.’

Although it wouldn’t be comparable to the speed of Helmut’s achievements.

“How’s Sarah? Is she not bothering Helmut too much?”

“It doesn’t matter.”

Susan often asked Helmut about Sarah. Although the time they spent talking wasn’t long, the initial aversion he felt while being with Susan and Sarah had diluted.

Helmut was gradually getting used to this mother and daughter.

*

“What will you do when you leave the Forest of Roots?”

Helmut asked Sarah one day. Like Helmut, Sarah had almost no memories left of the outside world.

No, Sarah disliked remembering itself. Perhaps because the situation in which she left was so shocking.

Sarah’s answer was simple.

“Umm, I’ll eat sweets. The food here is terrible…”

It was a truly trivial goal. She seemed to be feeling something similar to what Helmut had felt before.

Hadn’t he also felt like leaving the Forest of Roots after eating the food Darien made?

‘It’s better now than it was then.’

Because Susan makes fairly tasty human food.

A daughter of a noble family rarely has to enter the kitchen.

Yet, Susan was quite skilled in cooking. According to her, she learned from other women when she was living in the human farm before. Although she was the only one among those women who survived.

‘The human world…’

Helmut looked down at his hands. While teaching Sarah the sword, Helmut had also made progress.

Since he wasn’t taking classes at the academy, he could invest more time in the sword than he could outside.

And Helmut was feeling it. That he, who had taken up the sword again, was different from before. Of course, in a good way.

‘Is it because I faced death?’

He had met a truly strong enemy and fought against them. And he had rampaged through the Forest of Roots under the control of the Seed of Darkness.

Like steel that had been tempered, Helmut’s vessel had become harder and larger after going through two arduous experiences in a row.

When he looked back at his condition after recovering his Vis, he felt that his level as a swordsman had grown.

Now, Helmut had to fill that vessel.

‘But…’

A cool wind blows in his chest. He couldn’t completely shake off the helplessness seeping into a corner of his mind.

The past Helmut had a ball of fire burning inside him. There was something he wanted to pour all his energy into, even if it meant consuming himself. Life without that something was empty.

No matter how much he swung his sword and trained, there was an emptiness that couldn’t be filled.

Helmut thought. If he focused on what he could do, wouldn’t change come someday?

What he could do was the same as in the past. Getting stronger.

Swordsmen sometimes hit the limits of their talent. But the Seed of Darkness allows one to surpass the limits that a human would normally have. This applied to talent as well.

Helmut could become endlessly strong. Really, until he reached some unknown end.

‘Revenge.’

Helmut brushed past that word. Even though he felt the Seed of Darkness stirring in his chest for a moment.

A hot, bitter gust of wind followed like an aftershock.

‘It’s about living.’

Even if there was no hope or passion.

As long as he was alive, he had to keep living. That was what Helmut had to do.

Time flowed smoothly like a river, but quickly.