“I almost died.”

Staying in ice-cold water without magic is indeed not something a mage should do.

Instructing the golem to move away from the barrier, Alea looked towards the barrier.

‘Did it work properly?’

The color of the barrier seemed to have become slightly more transparent. Because the holy power felt so strong, it was difficult to properly sense the change in the barrier from this close.

If the plan succeeded in activating Adamantium from all four directions, the sacred barrier should now be weaker than ever before.

‘Good, now all that’s left is to return to the central region.’

However, the moment she turned around, her eyes widened.



H.F.C Chapter 291 (Part 1):

[What… is this.]

The moment the barrier changed, Kantara suddenly turned around.

Though it may look a bit stupid, Kantara is a powerful beast strong enough to be the ruler of this region. Because of that, Kantara was highly sensitive to any changes in the barrier.

In an instant, a fierce burst of demonic energy rose up around Kantara’s entire body like putting on armor.

A gust of wind spread rapidly in all directions.

Helmut pulled up his Vis to defend against the ice particles rushing toward him.

Psssh!

The ice particles, infused with demonic energy, shattered upon contact with Vis. Had they hit him directly, they were sharp enough to draw blood from his entire body.

Kantara’s gaze fixed on Alea tearing the scroll in the distance. It’s the kind of magic it hates. Warm things.

[Human…… you were…… aiming for…… my back!]

As expected of humans sent by Elaga, they are utterly cunning.

The one it faced just now was quite strong. His movements were also quick, so it didn’t seem like he could be easily dealt with.

In that case, it was best to deal with the one aiming for its back first.

Kantara’s entire body turned around. The demonic energy exploding from its body deeply penetrated the surrounding sea. Like water boiling in a pot, the sea in the area bubbled up as if about to explode.

Alea, witnessing the sight, widened her eyes.

‘What is that.’

It was a massive wave. As if a sudden tsunami had occurred, a wave rising to the sky was rushing towards her.

At this rate, she would be swallowed by the wave and slammed right into the sacred barrier.

While water would flow through without resistance from the barrier, Alea is different. If she collides with the barrier, she won’t be able to use magic and will have to survive being swept up in that ice-cold torrent with her bare body.

Her body hadn’t even fully dried from being frozen, but this was like a bolt from the blue.

‘Where did Helmut go? Surely not… No, anyway I need to avoid this!’

Alea hurriedly took out a magic stone and absorbed it as if crushing it.

The magical power she lost while entering the barrier was instantly replenished.

It was an expensive magic stone. As if flaunting her wealth, Alea crushed three magic stones in a row.

Absorbing them so aggressively caused a lot of energy to scatter into the air, but she had no choice.

The shadow of the incoming wave loomed over her like an impending disaster.

Unless she was a fish, there was no way to survive being swept up in that wave without magic.

“Wings of The Wind.”

Just as the wave was about to collapse and engulf her, Alea finally recited a spell.

She shot straight up along with the golem. The ship-shaped golem barely skimmed past the wave, narrowly avoiding it.

The wave passed right through the sacred barrier. Without time to catch her breath, Alea looked up and realized her mistake.

“Damn it, the curvature.”

The sacred barrier was dome-shaped. If she went too high, she would collide with the inward curve of the barrier. At this rate, she would crash into the barrier.

Alea changed the direction of the wind, flying with the golem to the opposite side of the barrier.

She pulled out yet another magic stone and crushed it. As she rose closer to the sacred barrier, her magical power drained rapidly.

‘Where did Helmut go?’

Despite the situation, she wasn’t worried. She had faith that he wasn’t dead.

However, now wasn’t the time to look for Helmut. On the other side, a massive sea turtle with a gleaming golden shell caught her eye.

The look in its eyes as it stared at Alea was full of murderous intent. Water columns, resembling serpents, surged around Kantara’s body.

The thin water columns stretched out towards Alea like whips.

Alea maneuvered the golem to avoid them.

However, the water columns circled back and struck her golem.

“Wind Curtain!”

Before Alea could even finish her spell, the water column struck the wind barrier drectly.

Bang!

If it had hit them directly, the impact would have made it impossible to avoid falling.

Alea narrowed her eyes.

‘The ends of the water columns are connected. To think it can manipulate water to this extent.’

At the center of the water columns, demonic energy extended like a long cord. The demonic energy drew in water, forming the column and wielding it like a whip.

If someone could handle demonic energy well enough, they could strike even the air with a long whip.

The fact that its power had been weakened near the sacred barrier was impressive.

The water columns pounded Alea’s wind barrier again as if to break it.

Boom boom!

It felt like the wind barrier would shatter. The repeated impacts made her head spin. But Alea seemed to know how to get rid of those things.

“Wind Blade.”

The sharp wind cleanly cut through the water columns. The connection to the demonic energy was severed, causing the water to fall back into the sea below.

But Kantara’s attacks didn’t stop.

[Human…… like a…… fly! I’ll… bring you… down]

Thinner water columns, no, water streams flew towards Alea once again.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

If cutting and dropping the water streams is magic, then these water streams are also a kind of magic. But it’s natural that Kantara’s demonic energy is greater than Alea’s magic.

Moreover, Alea had consumed some magical power after entering and exiting the sacred barrier.

She crushed her sixth magic stone. If this kept up, she’d waste all her magic stones.

‘I need to get away from the sacred barrier… It might be better without the golem.’

Going down to the sea where Kantra’s influence was strongest, would be suicidal.

It’s easier for Alea to dodge alone while flying and consumes less magic. She could also conceal herself with invisibility magic.

But there was no chance to put away the golem.

‘What on earth is Helmut doing?’

Just as Alea was feeling displeased, a loud sound was heard.

Booooom!



H.F.C Chapter 291 (Part 2):

The water columns flying through the air lost strength and fell down.

‘What just happened?’

Alea saw it. The only darkness in this northern sea mixed with gray and silver.

A shadow, as dark as night, stood on Kantara’s shell. From his hand, a gray blade emitted a chilling glow.

Kantara had risen close to the surface. Even the whirlpool coiling around it like a snake couldn’t protect it.

While Kantara was distracted by Alea, Helmut was looking for a chance to deal a fatal blow.

Helmut’s strike, shot like an arrow, cut through the water and split the sea.

And soon it pierced the back of Kantara’s neck.

Kwaaaaak!

Black blood sprayed everywhere from Kantara’s wound.

The blood like poison even melted Helmut’s clothes.

But he stood unwavering. Like building a wall to block the water flow, the Vis emanating from Helmut’s body made the place where he stood a vacuum.

The demonic energy exploding from Kantara, who was screaming in pain, was rapidly purified in the air.

For Helmut, it was rather a battlefield free from the influence of demonic energy.

“You shouldn’t ignore me.”

Helmut twisted the sword.

Kantara’s body, which was about to dive underwater, flinched. It seemed the sword had properly dug into a painful spot, rendering it unable to move.

Helmut made a threat.

“Don’t move. You won’t survive if I sever your neck, will you?”

If it were a beast like Naho, it would have gone berserk whether its neck was cut or not, but Kantara stopped moving.

Helmut stared at the subdued creature with a strange look.

No matter how distracted it was by Alea, he didn’t expect to be able to subdue a ruler of a region so easily.

Kantara handled water quite well, but its movements were a bit slow when fighting. As if it hadn’t properly experienced a real battle.

‘Is it because it’s the weakest among the rulers of the regions?’

No, it’s not just for that reason.

When facing Kantara, Helmut felt caution but didn’t feel his life was threatened.

Even if there was no guarantee of winning in a direct fight, he judged that he could at least buy time and escape.

And Helmut’s sword pierced through Kantara’s demonic energy.

He was able to deal a fatal blow to Kantara. It was incomparably easier than fighting Naho. The meaning of those words:

‘I’ve gotten stronger.’

Looking at his own hand, Helmut realized.

It was a strange sensation, like dawn breaking.

Darien, who was like an infinitely high mountain. But somehow he had now reached where he stood.

It’s not clear how it was achieved. But those life-or-death experiences, and those moments of walking step by step like climbing stairs, brought Helmut there.

Overcoming death is going against an absolute law of nature.

Helmut accomplished that several times. The trials given to Helmut couldn’t kill him, and because of that, he was able to grow.

And his growth has now reached the point of surpassing his master’s shadow.

“Helmut, well done.”

A shadow was cast from above. Alea, who had approached without notice, spoke to him from atop the golem.

Her body, which had been coldly wet, was now dry and fluffy. But her lips were still blue.

“It seems you activated the Adamantium properly.”

“Yes, now all that’s left is to head back.”

Alea’s gaze followed Helmut’s sword.

Blood was still seeping from Kantara’s neck where the sword was deeply embedded.

But a ruler of a region wouldn’t die from this level of injury. It seemed strangely passive. As if not knowing what to do.

Helmut asked with his eyes.

‘What should we do with it?’

Killing it was the easy solution, but there was something off about Kantara’s submissiveness. It didn’t feel right to finish off an opponent that was practically begging for mercy with its body language.

But if they left it alive, there was no telling what tricks Kantara might pull while they attempted to escape from the northern region.

Leaving it alive seemed like a foolish sentiment—such thoughts didn’t belong in the brutal world of the Forest of Roots.

‘It would be best to just finish it.’

Helmut moved his hand slightly.

Then Kantara, whose wound was gouged, made a keening sound. As if unable to even scream properly.

Alea clicked her tongue.

“What’s with this pitiful whining? It sounds like a beaten dog.”

[Stop…… it! It…… hurts. Humans…… are cruel……!]

Surprisingly at that moment, tears welled up in the sea turtle’s golden eyes. It was a sight that somehow made one lose the will to fight.

Alea sighed, almost incredulous.

“Crying? This guy is really weak-hearted.”

[I…… hate…… fighting.]

“You started it. Stupid turtle.”

[You…… invaded…… my territory!]

It was close to a whining tone.

Something had been off about it from the start, and now it made sense. It wasn’t just simple-minded—its behavior was almost childlike.

Despite its fearsome exterior, this so-called ruler of a region was nothing more than a childish recluse. Even ancient and powerful creatures like Igrelle and Elaga had childlike tendencies, but Kantara was on another level.

On the outside it looks like a very impressive and solemn ancient demonic beast, but unexpectedly…

Alea asked as if to confirm:

“Why were you holed up here at the northern end, near the sacred barrier? This isn’t a good environment for demonic beasts to live in.”

Kantara mumbled in reply:

[In case the others…… come! They won’t…… find me…… here.]

It sounded like a reclusive loner.

Helmut and Alea were at a loss for words for a moment and looked at each other.



H.F.C Chapter 292 (Part 1):

‘What kind of beast is this?’

Helmut and Alea simultaneously had the same thought.

So, it’s saying that despite being the ruler of a region, it hid to avoid conflicts with other demonic beasts?

Demonic beasts with developed demonic natures overcome their instincts and build their own sense of self. However, it’s rare for them to have a timid nature like this one.

This creature is none other than the ruler of the northern region!

It wouldn’t have been strange if he had exuded calm confidence like Elaga, without a care in the world.

“Well, it’s a turtle after all.”

Helmut replied calmly. Aren’t turtles the ones that hide in their shells when scared?

But currently, Kantara couldn’t do that as Helmut’s sword was piercing its neck.

After a moment, Alea voiced her opinion in a small voice.

“It might be better if this one remains as the ruler of a region rather than others.”

She didn’t particularly care about what would happen to the ecosystem of the Forest of Roots after they left, but if the strongest creature was quiet and passive, wasn’t that a good thing?

“I don’t know. It could just be pretending, a sneaky creature.”

Helmut shrugged.

Anyway, they could just throw its core towards the sacred barrier for purification.

However, once Kantara is killed, the demonic energy it possessed within its body would be released. That wouldn’t have a good effect on Helmut.

“It doesn’t seem like that though.”

Would a demonic beast that lived alone in the north even have a chance to learn acting?

Kantara’s eyes were still filled with chicken-drop-like tears.

At that moment, Alea had a good idea.

Right now, Alea’s side couldn’t add anything more. She had already used a lot of magic stones, and there were still things to do.

They needed to return to the central region as soon as possible, but the journey back would be anything but smooth.

Just as they were constantly attacked while entering the northern region, they would experience the same situation.

Unlike the western or southern regions where Elaga and Igrelle resided, no creature dared to block the path of the regions’ rulers.

In fact, there were no other demonic beasts in the waters where Kantara had been lurking.

Helmut had the same thought.

‘This guy could actually be useful.’

“Kantara.”

Helmut opened his mouth.

[Why…… are you calling…… human. I…… hurt.]

Its voice had clearly become dejected.

“We’ve already achieved our goal, and now we just need to leave.”

Kantara’s eyes trembled.

[So…… your purpose…… was to harm…… me after all!]

“Don’t talk nonsense. You’re the one who picked the fight.”

Alea scolded Kantara, annoyed by its paranoid behavior, while Helmut continued.

“If you help us leave quickly, I’ll pull out the sword. That means I’ll spare your life.”

[If I help…… you leave…… quickly……?]

“The northern region is your territory, as you said. So act like a proper ruler and escort us to the edge of your territory. We’re heading back to the central region.”

[Then…… you’ll…… leave…… just like that?]

“Yes, what use would it be for us humans to harm you? If you just take us there, we’ll leave quietly. You can go back to living peacefully.”

[You’re not…… going to…… drag me out…… and hand me over…… to Elaga!]

It was irritatingly suspicious and argumentative, which in this aspect, was befitting of a territorial ruler. At least it was saying everything it wanted to say.

‘It probably hasn’t even been backstabbed by anyone before.’

Even Helmut, who had been backstabbed before, wasn’t this bad. Kantara seemed to be naturally cowardly and overly suspicious.

It was a creature that excessively cared for its own well-being.

“I don’t have time for this. Look, if you don’t agree, you’ll die here. Do you think you have a choice right now?”

Killing intent flowed from Helmut’s body. The blade of his sword, imbued with Vis, moved slightly. Once again, Kantara screamed.

[No…… it hurts……. It hurts……! Stop it……!]

“Quiet.”

“But the northern region isn’t all sea, right? Won’t this guy be slow on land?”

It was a reasonable doubt to have about a turtle. There was no way a four-legged creature like it could move as fast as Elaga.

[No… I… am fast… even on land!]

“Then take us there. We’ll leave quietly if you do.”

[Really……? Will you…… really…… leave just like that.]

“Yes.”

When Helmut replied firmly, Kantara seemed to ponder for a moment.

But soon, it opened its mouth again.

[Pull out…… the sword……. I can’t…… move…… because it hurts.]

For a creature as overly dramatic as Kantara, it seemed like it wasn’t lying. In any case, it wouldn’t be difficult to stab the sword into its wound again if needed.

This one was the type that became more obedient when dealt with forcefully.

Realizing this, Helmut spoke in a cold tone.

“If you try any tricks, I’ll separate your head from your shell right away.”

After making this threat, Helmut pulled out the sword. Kantara’s scream once again filled the air.

Alea frowned and covered her ears. Helmut shook the blood-stained sword in the air.

The magical energy mixed with blood was quickly purified by the holy power.

Helmut sheathed the sword at his waist.

“Hurry up. Kantara, you want to send us off quickly too, right?”

[I…… understand.]



H.F.C Chapter 292 (Part 2):

A moment later, Kantara started to move. Water splashed around it.

It had exposed the shell where Helmut and Alea were standing above the water.

It started swimming just like that.

It wasn’t moving purely by physical power, but by creating whirlpools with demonic energy and advancing with that force. Naturally, this made it incredibly fast.

Kantara was an incomparably excellent means of transport on the sea, better than any ship in this world.

Unlike Elaga, it didn’t shake the internal organs with impacts, but moved smoothly and stably like a huge ship.

“This is amazing. I never thought I’d ride a turtle across the sea in my life.”

Alea remarked, astonished.

“But if we’re going by swimming, how are we going to cross the ice? Are we going around?”

There’s also the option of diving and dropping both of them off. Alea’s eyes sharpened.

Kantara’s response was absurdly simple.

[I’ll…… break it!]

It was exactly as it said. The whirlpools arising around Kantara shattered the thick ice plates like paper.

Ice shards flew like a blizzard, creating a storm. Yet, the speed didn’t slow down at all.

Kantara was a ship that broke through ice and advanced. No natural object in the sea could pose a danger or hindrance before it.

It seemed to have chosen the shortest route. The direction it was heading was straight south.

‘Now, we’ll reunite in the central region.’

Alea closed her eyes and then opened them.

Once everyone meets up, the only thing left will be the final stage – breaking through the sacred barrier in the sky of the central territory.

*

Around the same time, Igrelle was beginning to fly toward the central region, and Elaga had started running again with Asuka on its back.

While the north, south, and west were peaceful due to the movement of the rulers of the regions, the east was not.

This was because there was only one human in the east.

‘What kind of forest is this? It’s terrifyingly scary.’

Sian, who had completed his mission, was passing through the Forest of Roots alone.

Getting to the eastern end was easy, but coming back was not at all easy. Especially if alone.

As if paying the price for the comfortable journey there, he had entered a dangerous zone where one wrong move could mean death.

The infamous reputation of the Forest of Roots, which he had forgotten until now, vividly came to mind.

One fortunate point was that he was much more skilled in concealment magic than ordinary mages.

Spirit mages are basically beings with developed affinity with forests.

Moreover, he had a dark spirit. One of the abilities of the dark spirit is concealment. That power was capable of hiding a single human from the threatening demonic beasts of the Forest of Roots as if they didn’t exist.

It blurs both scent and traces.

The dark spirit sitting on his shoulder was spewing out something like black mist from its mouth.

Of course, that’s how it looked to Sian, but from the outside, it would just look like a shadow.

Every time a vicious demonic beast passed by him, Sian had to hold his breath.

‘I should have done more training for large-scale demonic beast battles with illusion magic.’

How often would one fight demonic beasts in the outside world? There was a training course for that too. He had prepared to some extent before coming to the Forest of Roots.

‘But I didn’t think I’d end up crossing the Forest of Roots alone.’

This was all Alea’s fault for not giving him a heads-up. If only a swordsman had been with him, at least he’d have time to prepare his spells.

While Alea was exceptionally fast at magic manifestation, not all mages are like that.

If Alea was close to a combat mage, Sian was a spirit mage. He was good at supportive roles.

Additionally, something Sian hadn’t realized before was that he was more cowardly than he thought.

After encountering demonic beasts a few times, he chose to quietly, like a mouse, head towards the central territory without fighting.

Elaga, despite being a massive, white, fur-covered leopard, was elegant and beautiful, far from resembling a terrifying demonic beast. The same went for Igrelle, despite its vibrant feather colors, which made it look more like a majestic bird than a monstrous creature.

But that was where the similarities ended. The beasts he encountered here, in the Forest of Roots, were horrifying beyond belief.

When a huge wild boar with twelve eyes and exposed giant fangs brushed past him, he couldn’t help but swallow his saliva.

It was fortunate that maintaining the dark spirit didn’t require special concentration. If it had, his focus might have wavered, breaking the concealment spell altogether.

For Sian, this was nothing short of a terrifying experience.

Worse still, the demonic beasts continued to linger around him, as though they could faintly detect his scent. It was as if, despite the dark spirit’s concealment, they could still sense the delicious, out-of-place scent of a human in this Forest of Roots.

Yet, thanks to the spirit’s veil, they couldn’t pinpoint his exact location, so they simply roamed around before eventually leaving.

If he made one wrong move and accidentally bumped into one of them, all the concealment in the world would be useless.

Sian had to hold his breath every time he got too close to a beast.

Sure, he could probably take out a few beasts if it came down to it, but doing so would only attract more, making it impossible to escape. That’s why his progress was slow.

The path to the central region still stretched out long and far ahead of him. At first, the magic stones Alea had given him seemed like they would be enough, but at this pace, he’d run out long before reaching his destination.

‘When is that giant white leopard going to come?’

Sian found himself cursing Elaga under his breath.

It was ironic that, while he feared the weaker beasts of this forest, he felt no such fear toward Elaga, the massive and terrifying demonic beast that was as large as a house.

The more he thought about it, the more absurd it seemed.



H.F.C Chapter 293 (Part 1):

Despite everything, Sian was stubbornly pressing forward.

Perhaps clinging to the vain hope that he could safely return to the Central Region alone.

It was in vain because his pace was far too slow.

At this rate, it would take at least two weeks rather than three days to set foot in the Central Region.

And that’s assuming it gets safer as you get closer to the Central Region.

However, Sian eventually found himself in an unavoidable situation.

As he made his way through the forest on high alert, Sian stopped in his tracks when he spotted a certain sight.

A squirrel munching on acorns.

‘Oh, how cute!’

It was a rare small creature to see in the Forest of Roots.

Small by Forest of Roots standards, that is – its plump body was about the size of a foal.

But in appearance, it was just a squirrel.

For Sian, who had only seen vicious and bizarre demonic beasts so far on his journey, it naturally caught his eye due to the contrast.

Just as Sian was absentmindedly staring in that direction, suddenly something dropped from the air and pounced on the squirrel.

Crunch!

Sharp teeth clamped down on the squirrel before it could even react.

Sian nearly cried out. What had attacked the squirrel was a feline creature similar to a leopard.

No, that was…

‘A lynx?’

Grrrr.

The creature that had succeeded in its hunt let out a low growl. Its eyes were red and it was huge, about the size of a giant wild boar – too large to simply be called a lynx.

The beast placed the dead squirrel on the ground and began tearing into its flesh.

Crunch, crunch!

Bones and flesh were crushed as blood dripped down, soaking the ground.

It was a more gruesome sight than any butchery.

The visual was on a completely different level from ordinary animal hunts, given that a living creature that had been breathing just moments ago was being torn apart whole. It was savage and cruel.

Sian was shocked as he watched the squirrel turn to rags in the lynx’s mouth.

If Sian had been in that spot, he would have met the same fate.

‘I-I need to go.’

He had to escape without being noticed.

This creature felt far more dangerous than anything else he had encountered thus far.

Sian moved his feet little by little while holding his breath. Fortunately, the demonic beast was so engrossed in dissecting the squirrel that it didn’t notice Sian’s presence, concealed by the dark spirit.

Listening to the chilling sounds of blood and flesh being slurped up, Sian fled the scene.

Half a day later, Sian encountered the beast once more.

Facing a cliff, he was trying to find a way to proceed.

It wouldn’t be difficult to cross using magic, but the flow of magical power would be exposed in that moment.

That could attract who knows what kind of demonic beast.

Sian was being extremely cautious.

He had naturally become more careful after encountering incredibly powerful demonic beasts like Igrelle and Elaga from the start.

Sian soon found a path. Ominously, it was a narrow passageway. A path between cliffs.

Calling it a path was generous—it was just wide enough for a person to pass through. The surroundings were all sheer cliffs.

It was wide enough for two carriages to pass side by side, but for some reason, it gave him a bad feeling.

But if he didn’t take this route, there was no telling how far he would have to go to find another way, and he couldn’t afford any more delays.

Fortunately, there were no signs of demonic beasts around the passageway.

‘’Well, It’s not like I haven’t passed demonic beasts without being noticed before.’

Having made up his mind, Sian cautiously took a step forward. And not long after, he regretted not assessing the situation further.

Not long after entering the passage…

Crunch, crunch.

Heavy footsteps crushing underbrush came from behind. Those footsteps made Sian’s body tremble.

A demonic beast was approaching from behind. Judging by the demonic energy aura emanating from its skin, it was a large and powerful demonic beast.

‘Damn it, after being so quiet until now.’

Sian looked back. In that moment, his eyes widened.

‘It’s… that thing!’

The vicious lynx that had been chewing up the squirrel. It was walking this way, licking its blood-stained mouth. As if it had been tracking him!

Could such a coincidence exist? The creature didn’t seem to be aware of Sian, though it was hard to tell if it was an act.

‘If this is the only path in the area, it could come this way.’

But that was exactly the problem. With only one path, the lynx would inevitably reach Sian.

The surroundings were full of thorny vines. If he made a wrong move and got scratched, blood would flow.

There was no way that creature wouldn’t smell the blood. The only thing Sian could do was try to move his body as far from the demonic beast’s path as possible.

‘Oh, dear God.’



H.F.C Chapter 293 (Part 2):

It’s human nature to call out to a higher power when in a crisis, even if one doesn’t believe.

Sian reached out needlessly and grasped the dark spirit. As if saying he only trusted it to hide him. Or as if saying if he dies, it’s over for the spirit too.

The dark spirit tilted its head and diligently sprayed darkness. To protect its terrified master.

Crunch, crunch.

The footsteps drew closer and closer.

It was like a scene from a horror movie. Sian could barely even breathe properly now.

The moment the lynx brushed past him!

Grrrr.

A low growl crawling up from its throat chillingly penetrated his eardrums.

The lynx’s flashing red eyes turned towards Sian. Something had caught its senses.

Unlike other demonic beasts that just tilted their heads and passed by, this one didn’t.

At such close range, sensitive demonic beasts could detect disturbances in concealment magic.

Roooaar!

The demonic beast let out a roar infused with demonic energy. That wave disrupted the dark spirit’s concealment magic.

As if a thick fog had suddenly cleared, Sian’s scent and appearance were fully revealed to the creature’s sight.

A human! A rare human in the Forest of Roots!

The pale human staring at it was delicious prey. What a windfall!

The creature’s red eyes gleamed with bloodlust at the anticipation of a feast.

Frozen in place, Sian stared at the lynx baring its teeth at him. Those white fangs were sharper and more threatening than any sword he had ever seen.

The dark spirit looked to Sian for direction. As if asking, ‘What should we do? Fight? Run?’

Sian, unable to think clearly, mumbled an incantation. His mind had completely frozen, and he was casting magic purely on instinct.

Just as the lynx was about to attack Sian, planting its foot firmly on the ground.

Boom! Crack!

A meteor, no, something like a huge boulder fell from somewhere and crushed the creature.

It happened so fast that Sian barely had time to register the shadow that appeared just before the impact. It was quicker than a hawk swooping down on its prey.

The ground shook as though an earthquake had struck.

Sian, in the middle of casting his spell, lost his balance and fell onto his backside.

He nearly bit his tongue.

“W-What?”

[A hero appears at the critical moment, as they say.]

Elaga snorted arrogantly, uttering words from who knows where it’d heard them.

At its feet was the lynx, flattened and either unconscious or dead.

Crushed under Elaga, it looked pathetic – no longer a lynx or even a cat, but as pitiful as the squirrel it had eaten.

Elaga tilted its head as it looked at Sian.

[Why do you look like a drenched rabbit? You already look weak, but you couldn’t even handle a minor issue like this?]

Sian stared at Elaga blankly before slightly bowing his head.

“Th-Thank you.”

Sian had nothing to say. He too had just realized how small his courage was.

The Forest of Roots clearly did not suit his disposition.

Elaga spoke condescendingly with lowered eyes.

[If it were Helmut, he would’ve taken care of this on his own and reached the central territory by now. Humans really are such needy creatures. Even if that guy is special, you should try to step it up, seeing as you’re his friend.]

What started as one verse kept going, intertwined with bragging about its own child. Sian felt a bit annoyed.

Did he have to be nagged at by a demonic beast on top of his parents?

But there was one thing he was curious about.

“How… how did you know I was here? With the dark spirit’s protection, I should’ve been nearly invisible.”

Sian had thought that he would have to signal Elaga when the giant leopard passed by to reunite.

Fortunately, Elaga was such a huge leopard that you could hear it running even from far away. Elaga snorted.

[You flew here so you wouldn’t know, but this is the only passable path on this side. Unless you want to take a huge detour. I knew you’d come this way eventually. And that spirit thing of yours or whatever is pretty weak. I could smell you the whole time.]

Having swallowed Naho’s core, Elaga’s demonic nature had developed, sharpening its senses as well.

To Elaga, Sian was an unremarkable mage. Hiding from Elaga was a futile effort.

Elaga suddenly stretched out its tail and snatched up Sian without warning.

“Whoa! What are you doing?”

[We’re heading back. By the time I bring you back, the others should have mostly returned as well.]

“Did the mission in the west succeed?”

[Of course, isn’t that obvious? I went there after all. From what I sensed, there were four disturbances in the barrier. Seems like everyone succeeded, including Helmut and Alea who went north.

Kantara. The turtle that rules the northern territory. It seemed sensitive, so I’m not sure how the talk went.]

Given the mess that had come out of Baharek in the west, Elaga suspected they might have run into trouble in the north as well. However, the timing seemed too short for a full battle. It decided it’d have to hear the story firsthand.

Having decided, Elaga advised Sian:

[Hold on tight. If you fall, I’m leaving you behind.]

And soon, Sian would experience the same pain that Asuka had endured.

And so, Sian was about to experience the same agony Asuka had gone through.

Thus, those who had achieved their goals in the four cardinal directions of the sacred barrier – east, west, south, and north – were returning to the Central Region.

Forces suppressing the sacred barrier arose from four directions. This was something that had never happened since the barrier was formed.

When the Adamantium was activated to shake the foundation of the barrier at four points with almost no time difference, the tremors were noticeably large.

Large enough that even the temple, which hadn’t been paying much attention to managing the sacred barrier, couldn’t help but notice.

One of the temple’s important duties was to maintain and manage the Forest of Roots. That was the justification for why the temple could reign supreme over humans.

The Forest of Roots, the land where the Demon King was sealed. If any signs appeared there, it could be a harbinger of the calamity from a thousand years ago being revived.

A second Demon King War!

The weight of this threat finally stirred the temple into action.



H.F.C Chapter 294 (Part 1):

Someone raised his hands and asked.

“What’s going on? Why have we been summoned, the High Priests, so urgently?”

“My goodness, what on earth is going on?”

Six High Priests who had returned immediately after the summons were seated around a round table.

High Priests. Their faces were too young for such a grand title. It was youth maintained by powerful divine force.

A round table conference unfolding in the temple. This was the most authoritative meeting on earth.

Although the temple’s influence wasn’t what it used to be, sometimes even the fate of a country was decided here. Even the life of the most noble person was meaningless before the name of God.

Countless decisions had been made at this round table, but it was rare for all six High Priests to gather in one place like this.

A round table conference that might happen once a year, if at all.

The ultimate purpose of this round table conference was one: for the continuation and maintenance of this world.

That was the will of Lumen, who had saved the world from the Demon King’s war.

These were the ones who inherited Lumen’s power and followed his will. Even if they had become corrupt and depraved, unable to properly succeed Lumen’s shining will, they hadn’t completely forgotten what they needed to do.

High Priest Agato opened his mouth, looking at them with solemn eyes.

“An anomaly has occurred in the Forest of Roots.”

“What kind of anomaly?”

“After an unknown disturbance occurred, it was confirmed that the sacred barrier has weakened.”

Suddenly, those gathered around the round table stirred. High Priest Agato added with certainty.

“It’s certain. The sacred artifact in the temple that measures the concentration of the sacred barrier showed a reaction.”

“Is this a permanent change? Or is it a temporary phenomenon? Or is it some kind of sign?”

“If it’s a sign, what kind of sign are you talking about! Are you saying the Demon King is about to resurrect?”

“It’s not an impossible idea. A thousand years have passed. More than enough time for something to happen.”

“That’s blasphemy. How can you say that about Lumen’s barrier!”

“But didn’t you say the barrier has actually weakened?”

High Priest Levina looked around expressionlessly.

The condition to become a High Priest is holy power. But it seemed only Agato and herself among them could make proper judgments.

They were, of course, among the more experienced High Priests in this group.

High Priest Paolo also had seniority, but he was notoriously greedy and obsessed with wealth.

Draped in gold and jewels and dressed in the finest fabrics, his judgments were always clouded by his desires.

Therefore, among them, only Levina and Agato could be considered High Priests with “adequate experience and sound reasoning.”

It was also a heavy burden that the two of them had to lead this huge organization called the temple.

Although it’s said there’s no hierarchy among High Priests, there are clearly those who take on tasks closer to the core.

Because of this, Agato and Levina noticed the changes in the sacred barrier faster than any other High Priest.

‘I wonder if it’s a coincidence that two High Priests died a few years ago, and now the sacred barrier is shaking. None of this feels ordinary. Everything is unclear without anything definite.’

Levina lowered her eyes. Her heart was heavy.

The vacancy of two High Priests was quickly filled. When one High Priest dies, another becomes a High Priest to fill that position, so the number is maintained constant.

It was like a law of nature. The providence set by Lumen.

It’s not common for a High Priest to be murdered or die in an unfortunate accident, but it’s not completely unheard of either. After all, High Priests are still human.

But it was unprecedented for two High Priests to die in quick succession like four years ago.

High Priest Dolos met his death after clashing with the descendant of the Sword Saint in Basor due to his unilateral actions, but High Priest Pascal had vanished, along with the knights who had been guarding him, during a roadside journey.

The problem was that there was no clue.

The forest where they were was in a state where even the High Priests couldn’t read the traces, as they were completely erased.

It wasn’t that there were no suspicions.

‘The two archmages who became public enemies of the temple.’

Archmage Antiol and Archmage Heike. Only they would have been capable of killing a High Priest and erasing all traces so thoroughly.

That was where the trail ended.

Because those two were already enemies of the temple, and there had been no way to track them down, further pursuit was impossible.

The suspicions remained just that—suspicions.

And there was no clear reason why they would have targeted High Priest Pascal in particular.

Even for them, as archmages, eliminating High Priest Pascal wouldn’t have been an easy task.

Although they were public enemies, it was true that archmages of their level had little difficulty avoiding the temple’s pursuit, allowing them some degree of freedom.

‘Losing them was a significant blow to the temple. Both Dolos and Pascal had their flaws, but they were experienced.’

They were at least sufficient to carry out missions or make decisions representing the temple as High Priests.

Despite her personal disgust toward Pascal, who had been a known pedophile, Levina had always been able to see the bigger picture.

After all, High Priests were meant to serve the higher will of God. Their cold, calculating rationality was what made them so effective in their roles.

The divine energy circulating throughout their bodies made their hearts even colder.

This detached and sometimes cruel nature made some of them seek out extreme or twisted pleasures, but that’s another story.

Levina’s memory suddenly touched on a few years ago.

‘Helmut… was it?’



H.F.C Chapter 294 (Part 2):

The boy from the Grand Duchy of Renosa, the first to escape the Forest of Roots. But that wasn’t all.

Lampione’s dungeon opened, and the possessor of the Seed of Darkness had gone berserk. Were all these unusual events connected somehow, part of some greater unknown flow?

Levina harbored fresh doubts.

‘Something is happening.’

But the problem was, she couldn’t clearly identify what that “something” was.

There was one thing she could know.

‘If there’s an issue with the sacred barrier, it’s likely connected to Archmage Antiol. He’s been studying barriers for many years.

But maybe that boy called Helmut too… If he’s still alive.’

Levina’s speculation was on the right track. High Priest Agato, who had been listening silently, opened his mouth.

“We don’t know if the weakening of the sacred barrier is permanent. But we can take action.

We must send an investigation team to inspect the barrier. And we must work to restore it to its original state.”

If there was a problem, they could fix it. A straightforward and logical solution.

“Are you saying we need to go to the Forest of Roots?”

The tone of the question seemed to hope that the person going wouldn’t be themselves.

“There’s no need to enter the forest itself. Simply making contact with the sacred barrier from the outskirts should be sufficient.”

“I’ll go.”

Levina spoke up immediately. It was already her assigned task.

It would be good to identify and solve the cause of the weakened sacred barrier, but the barrier is strengthened just by a High Priest directly bestowing holy power.

There were no signs of demonic energy leaking from the Forest of Roots yet, so it wasn’t worth discussing the resurrection of the Demon King. They couldn’t be careless, so they were going to properly examine the problem and return.

High Priest Agato exchanged glances with Levina for a moment.

“It’s a difficult mission. So I’d like High Priest Romulo to go with you. Since you haven’t been in the High Priest position for long, it will be a good experience.”

Agato fixed his gaze on Romulo.

It was a statement implying that he should follow because Agato had more experience than him. And it was actually pressure.

Romulo reluctantly nodded.

“Understood.”

“We should depart immediately. It could be an urgent matter.”

Levina placed her hands on the round table and rose from her seat. The temple’s highest priority was, after all, the Forest of Roots and the sacred barrier.

The conclusion was simple, but the round table conference had to be convened to make all the High Priests aware of this matter.

At that moment, someone knocked on the door.

Knock knock!

Who would dare interrupt a round table meeting? The High Priests frowned in displeasure.

Agato, his brow furrowed, gave permission.

“Enter.”

Under the gaze of the six High Priests, a priest entered the room with an urgent look on his face.

A loud cry burst from his mouth immediately.

“It’s terrible! A problem has occurred!”

*

[Here… is the edge… of my territory. Humans… hurry and leave.]

Somewhere near the central region, Kantara stopped and spoke to Helmut and Alea.

It was fast on land as it had promised. Kantara moved by flapping its limbs, sliding as if digging up the ground, clearing a path through the forest.

It seemed as though its sole focus was on getting rid of these humans as quickly as possible.

Thanks to that, Helmut and Alea were able to easily escape the northern region.

No matter how timid and cowardly, Kantara was the ruler of the northern region.

Just as it was quiet when crossing the sea, other demonic beasts were nowhere to be found on land as well.

“Alright, I’ll let you go alive as promised.”

Helmut said as if doing a favor and jumped off Kantara’s shell. Alea also threw in a word.

“Good job.”

Then Kantara’s golden eyes grew larger.

[Good… job. I, Kantara… first time… hearing… thanks.]

Kantara looked at Alea with shining eyes.

[You… look like… my land.]

It seemed it had connected Alea’s hair color with the silver ice sheet. Alea raised an expression of disbelief.

“What is this turtle saying?”

[Still… don’t come… again. Especially… you… black-haired… human.]

Kantara’s gaze turned to Helmut. It was a resentful look.

[I… was hurt… badly. My neck… was pierced… It was hard… to run…]

Kantara must have struggled to move at high speed on land, on top of bleeding profusely from its wound.

Helmut, at a loss for words, finally managed a farewell.

“Alright, we won’t come again, so live well.”

After all, once they left the Forest of Roots, there would be no reason to see Kantara again.

Kantara turned its body.

Kuguagagaga!

A thunderous sound shook the forest. As if disliking being away from the sea even for a moment, Kantara disappeared at a similar speed to when it came. It was somehow a comical sight.

Helmut and Alea stared at the place where Kantara had disappeared for a moment. Helmut was the first to speak.

“Let’s go.”

And so, they successfully completed their mission and made their way to the central region.



H.F.C Chapter 295 (Part 1):

Shortly before that event that shook the temple was reported, Two people, declared public enemies by the temple, stood together.

It was a pair that didn’t quite fit the description of ‘two people’.

One was a radiant beauty with silver hair, and the other was an old man with a bushy beard.

Archmages Antiol and Heike.

It was a rare sight to see these two archmages, both declared enemies of the temple, standing in the same place.

Heike, the woman, was the first to speak.

“It seems things have gone smoothly. With such a change in the barrier, there’s no way the temple hasn’t realized by now.”

“They’ve succeeded in activating Adamantium in at least three barrier locations. It seems they found him faster than expected.”

Heike shrugged her shoulders.

“I suppose so. After all, whose granddaughter is she?”

Antiol clicked his tongue in mild annoyance.

“Pure luck. Do you think the Forest of Roots is so easy to navigate? How long has it been since they entered?”

“Indeed, they were quick. Perhaps they’ve found good allies. Anyway, it’s time for us to move too. We must ensure the temple cannot restore the barrier.”

As Heike took a step closer to Antiol, he retreated just as much.

It was a blatant avoidance.

“I’ve told you to keep your distance. And don’t act like we’re some sort of team.”

Antiol’s gaze was sharp, unlike his usual laid-back demeanor. There was even a hint of hostility in his eyes.

Heike snorted in disbelief.

“Please, don’t flatter yourself. I have my own preferences, and old men like you aren’t one of them, Antiol. It’s ridiculous and unpleasant to see you acting this way with that appearance.”

Antiol’s brow twitched at Heike’s sharp words.

Antiol, who didn’t care about appearances, looked like her father when they stood side by side, if one were being generous.

Although Antiol was over a decade older than her, age differences become less significant with age.

Their positions were fundamentally equal. They were both archmages who had established strong footholds in different fields.

However, there was a reason for Antiol’s attitude towards Heike.

“Do you even have standards? After all, it was your reckless behavior with the temple that cost your own child their life!”

Antiol shouted, almost bellowing. His expression revealed outright condemnation.

While Antiol was known as an eccentric magician, he also had a stubbornly upright and strict side.

He thought Heike had tarnished the honor of archmages. That honor was Antiol’s pride in pursuing his own path and magic while going against the temple.

Though both were archmages declared enemies of the temple, their reasons for that status were entirely different.

Heike’s gaze momentarily sharpened. Antiol had maintained this attitude throughout their current encounter.

The reason Heike had been avoiding conflict with Antiol until now was only because he had been useful to Alea, not because she feared him.

But now, there was no reason to tolerate his attitude any longer.

“I regret it too. I paid the price, so you, who hasn’t lost anything, have no right to lecture me.”

“I’m glad you’re feeling regret. At least you won’t repeat the same mistake.”

Antiol’s tone softened.

Heike’s eyes twisted as if in pain. A shadow of the past, which she thought had dulled, flashed through her mind.

“You’re misunderstanding…”

Heike opened her mouth. The truth about the past slipped out from her lips for the first time.

It was about twenty-some years ago. Heike, who was tempted by a sacred artifact of the temple that possessed special magical abilities, made a dangerous attempt to steal it.

At that time, she had become an archmage at a relatively young age and had never experienced a real failure, so she was arrogant and didn’t even fear going against the temple.

She was certain that if she failed, she could simply slip away unscathed. After all, the temple would struggle to track down an archmage like her.

As an archmage, she could hide her identity from most temple people without much difficulty.

She easily seduced a knight who was called a candidate for the position of Holy Knights’ Commander, and when he didn’t readily give up information about the sacred artifact, she immediately seduced another knight. It was a familiar act for her.

And when the knight Heike had first seduced found out about this, he fell into a rage, thinking she had been stolen from him.

The two candidates for Holy Knights’ Commander fought a duel over her, resulting in a tragic outcome.

The two knights, who were evenly matched in skill, met their deaths at the end of the duel. It was truly an unexpected accident.

Startled, Heike suddenly erased her traces and disappeared.

Both knights were favorites of the Holy Knights’ Commander of the time. The Commander immediately found out that there was a woman involved in their deaths and investigated her identity.

And he finally discovered it. Archmage Heike, this wicked witch, had driven two knights to their deaths.

Whether it was true or not didn’t matter. There was no way to confirm the details, since Heike had disappeared.

No one but Heike herself knew that she had only coveted the sacred artifact and hadn’t wished for the two knights to die fighting.

Driven by revenge, the Holy Knights’ Commander used all of the temple’s information network to find out where her son lived.

Heike’s son, a mage, had barely been in contact with Heike since coming of age, tired of her dissolute ways.

He had married a fellow mage from the academy and had been living peacefully with one daughter named Alea.

It was like a bolt from the blue when he became the temple’s target. The Holy Knights’ Commander rushed in with the temple’s forces to where he lived.

There was no time to escape in the tightly woven encirclement.



H.F.C Chapter 295 (Part 2):

Heike’s son, who was an excellent mage though not on her level, resisted with all his might.

His residence, which the temple forces raided, was in a forest separate from the village.

In that place, riddled with magic circles and traps, Heike’s son fought fiercely alongside his wife.

Heike’s son and his wife met their deaths while annihilating the temple forces, including the Holy Knights’ Commander.

Just as the two knights had died in a duel, so did they.

When Heike, who heard the news belatedly, arrived at the scene, everything was already over.

All she saw were the destroyed forest and corpses. The only survivor was Alea, hidden inside a hollowed-out tree stump.

“You must be… Heike.”

Heike had never seen such cold eyes in a child. The heart of the girl who had lost her parents at too young of age had frozen over.

Revenge begets revenge.

Everyone who fought there died, and she lost the will to do anything against the temple. She had already lost her son and daughter-in-law, and only that fact remained, painfully etched in her mind.

Although she might not have been a mother who cherished and loved her child enough to take care of him, her son was almost the only precious being to Heike.

Heike sought to repay her sin by taking care of Alea.

Although Alea doesn’t know, if Heike had to risk her life for Alea, she would gladly do so.

From that day on, Heike’s life was determined to live for Alea.

For the first time, Heike revealed this story to Antiol. Sadness shadowed her face.

“…So it wasn’t a game as you think. I didn’t know it would turn out like that either. I was just careless, and that’s why I lost everything.”

Antiol’s expression hardened. He had only known that Heike had seduced two knights and caused a tragic accident. He struggled to find words, choosing them carefully.

“…Fortunately, your granddaughter has grown up well.”

“Truly fortunately, that child is a mage with even more excellent talents than me. Now, shall we get moving?”

She had caused the death of two knights, and the Holy Knights’ Commander had died along with her son.

Although her feelings towards the temple weren’t good, she didn’t particularly want to clash with them again.

But now was the time when the collision she had been avoiding was necessary.

Antiol nodded.

“Let’s go.”

*

“I’m glad everyone is safe.”

Susan, who had been waiting anxiously with Sarah in the central region, brightened up.

Charlotte was the first to return, of course. No matter how fast Elaga was, it couldn’t be faster than Igrelle who could fly.

“I’m the first one back, it seems.”

“Yes, I wonder what happened to the others.”

Igrelle spoke to Susan, who looked worried.

[I sensed the barrier waver four times. That means the others succeeded. Whether they make it back safely is another story.]

Charlotte bowed her head slightly towards Igrelle.

“Thank you for taking me there.”

[Well, no need to thank me.]

Igrelle replied with a nonchalant hum. Beasts didn’t exchange pleasantries, so receiving such gestures from humans felt strange.

Charlotte asked,

“Senior Sian is in the east. Shouldn’t we go pick him up?”

But Igrelle sat down, muttering,

[My wings are stiff from flying around too much lately. I need to rest a bit. You guys can groom my feathers.]

It was clear that Igrelle was going to milk this situation for all it was worth. Once the humans left, there would be no more feather care for it, so it intended to enjoy it while it could.

A sigh escaped Charlotte’s lips.

“Alright.”

The next to return was Asuka, clinging to Elaga’s back.

“Ugh!”

He greeted them with an uncomfortable noise as he tumbled off Elaga’s back.

[Huh? Igrelle, you’re just lounging around here?]

[I went to the south, that’s enough help! You can handle the rest yourself.]

[Lazy bum.]

After spitting that out, Elaga immediately rushed towards Sian in the east.

Asuka groaned.

“Oh my, I thought I was going to die.”

Charlotte reached out her hand towards him.

“Good work, Senior Asuka. It must not have been easy to cling to Lord Elaga’s back for so long.”

Asuka looked at her hand for a moment, then turned his head away abruptly.

“Y-Yeah, it wasn’t easy. Unlike you, I didn’t have the luxury of flying comfortably. But of course, someone like me can handle it.”

Charlotte asked in her characteristically calm tone,

“Then do you not need a hand? Are you going to sit longer?”

“No, that’s not it…”

For some reason, Asuka grabbed Charlotte’s hand firmly and stood up. As he brushed past Charlotte, Asuka blurted out,

“You did well too.”

‘Oh my, these two…’

Susan looked at them alternately with suspicion. But she didn’t open her mouth to voice her doubts.



H.F.C Chapter 296 (Part 1):

“Aaaaah!”

Sian’s scream echoed loudly.

Everyone’s attention turned to him as he rolled off Elaga’s back.

After hitting the ground, Sian grimaced and covered his face with both hands.

Elaga swished its tail and muttered.

[Ah, how annoying. My job is done here.]

It had truly roamed the Forest of Roots to its heart’s content.

Even for Elaga, this was the first time it had traversed such a wide area of the Forest of Roots. It had even set foot on lands it’d never touched before.

Now that it was all over, Elaga felt strangely lighthearted.

Sian, pale and sitting on the ground, began casting a healing spell on himself.

He mumbled.

“Ugh, what is my life right now?”

“You’re being dramatic for someone who just had a short ride.”

Asuka, who had rested and regained his energy, blurted out.

Unlike Charlotte, he didn’t offer a hand to Sian.

After a moment, Sian got up and looked around.

“Is everyone here? What about Helmut and Alea?”

“You’re the third. Those guys haven’t arrived yet.”

“They’re the ones with the biggest issue. They had to cross through the northern region. Even if they were fine on the way there, what if they run into Kantara on the way back? Elaga, shouldn’t you go check on them?”

Sian, the quickest thinker among them, turned to Elaga.

Igrelle, who had arrived much earlier, was out of the question. No one expected anything from the lazy bird, who had been lounging around ever since dropping off Charlotte.

Strangely, despite being a formidable demonic beast ruling the southern region, Igrelle didn’t give off a threatening vibe.

Even though it had the power to wipe out all humans in the absent ruler of the region, everyone barely noticed Igrelle’s presence.

They just thought of him as a talkative and silly bird.

Elaga replied nonchalantly.

[I didn’t raise that Helmut to be that weak… Ah, here they come.]

Suddenly, Elaga turned its head northward and frowned.

Everyone followed Elaga’s gaze, but nothing was visible.

After some time, two figures emerged from that direction. It was Helmut with black hair and Alea with silver hair, contrasting like black and white.

Asuka grinned and waved his hand.

“Hey, last place.”

Alea and Helmut’s expressions strangely hardened. Both were far from being last place as top students.

Helmut spoke first. The fact that they were last meant…

“Looks like everyone made it back safely.”

As expected, it seemed everyone had successfully activated Adamantium and returned properly.

Things had been going smoothly. Ever since Alea’s group entered the Forest of Roots, everything had been progressing well. As if some flow was guiding them.

Alea shook her head slightly.

‘But it’s too early to relax. The final stage is still ahead.’

The temple must have started moving by now.

She hadn’t heard how they would be stopped, but all she could do was hope that Heike and Antiol would play their part well.

‘Soon, once we recover our magical power and finish preparations, we’ll break through the barrier.’

Sian asked a question.

“By the way, the north seems like it would be cold, how was it there? Judging by how you two returned on time, it doesn’t seem like there were any issues…”

Alea frowned.

“There were plenty of issues. It was the worst. The area near the northern barrier is a vast sea with a frozen surface.

Since the holy power doesn’t affect underwater, demonic beasts that approached through the water attacked even though we were close to the barrier. To make matters worse, the spot to install Adamantium was underwater.”

[The sea, you say? No wonder a turtle was the ruler. I didn’t know such a place existed. I’m glad I didn’t go.]

Elaga shuddered.

Even Elaga, the strongest in the Forest of Roots, would rather avoid fighting or swimming in freezing water.

No matter how great the power difference, it’s difficult for a leopard to defeat a turtle in the sea.

[Even near the barrier, few creatures go back and forth as easily as I do,] Igrelle chimed in from where it was lying down.

“By the way, did you guys walk here? What about the golem?”

Sian asked, looking around.

Alea took out the golem she had kept in subspace. It had crashed earlier and hit the ground. Although it had recovered, it wasn’t in perfect condition.

“We can’t leave just yet. We need to repair the golem. Everyone should rest in the meantime. We need to bring our condition to its peak. Sian, do you need more magic stones?”

“Just give me five more. We’ll need them to break through the barrier. More importantly, what happened in the north?”

Sian showed his curiosity.

While imbuing magic into the golem by crushing magic stones, Alea explained what they had experienced in the north.

One by one, the others who had wandered off returned, listening attentively to Alea’s story.



H.F.C Chapter 296 (Part 2):

“That must have been tough.”

Sian remarked, exchanging glances with Charlotte.

Compared to Helmut, Alea, and Asuka, those who went south and east had practically been on a leisurely trip.

Charlotte, in particular, seemed somewhat dejected. She thought she had been given the easiest mission.

On the other hand, Elaga and Igrelle, who had learned about Kantara, focused on something else.

[You’re saying that Kantara was such a coward? No wonder it seemed unusually quiet compared to the others.]

[The coward settled in a region that suits it well. No one would care about it there. Even when I flew overhead, I never saw Kantara. It’s no wonder since it was hiding under the water the whole time,]

[Why would Kantara think I’d be after it? None of the other region rulers enjoy fighting in the sea.]

After grumbling, Elaga soon realized something and turned to Helmut.

[More importantly, Helmut, you little human, you’ve become capable enough to face Kantara?]

Everyone’s attention turned to Helmut.

Plunging a sword into Kantara’s neck? That means Helmut’s level had reached the point where he could tear through Kantara’s demonic energy.

Even considering that Kantara was caught off guard and there was a special situation with holy power filling the air, it didn’t sound ordinary.

“Ah, yes. I…”

After a moment, Helmut seriously shared his assessment of his own skills. Words that might sound arrogant from a certain perspective.

“I think I’ve reached a level similar to Darien.”

Everyone fell silent.

Susan and Sarah didn’t know much about Darien, but they knew he was called the Sword Saint and was a swordsman that even Elaga couldn’t treat lightly.

A young man who had just become an adult. Talking about the Sword Saint at the mere age of 19!

Of course, Helmut wasn’t the type to lie. So it must be true, but it was a truth that was hard to accept.

Asuka exclaimed in disbelief.

“Are you crazy? How old are you to say you’ve reached the same level as the Sword Saint!”

“Calm down. It makes you look cheap.”

Sian calmly restrained Asuka. But even he looked surprised.

“That’s amazing. I thought you were a genius, but to that extent… Asuka can’t even hold a candle to you, huh.”

Asuka flared up.

“YOh yeah? You can’t even be compared to Alea either!”

“That’s right, I calmly accepted and acknowledged that fact long ago. You’re the one who’s acting up now as if you can’t accept it.”

“You… you!”

The only reason Asuka didn’t hit Sian at that moment was because Charlotte was next to him.

When she blinked and looked at him, Asuka quickly calmed down.

Ignoring their chatter, Elaga looked Helmut up and down and made a disappointed sound.

[What? Did I overestimate Darien? He wasn’t that great after all. He acted so stubborn when he was alive. I should have taught him a lesson.]

Elaga completely ignored the fact that it had grown stronger by eating Naho’s core.

Igrelle cut in.

[So, a human with the Seed of Darkness has reached the pinnacle of human swordsmanship? How interesting.]

Then, tilting its head to the side, Igrelle soon flapped its wings and shouted.

[Alright, I’ve decided!]

Before anyone could ask what it had decided, Igrelle unleashed a burst of demonic energy throughout its body.

In an instant, the dense demonic energy that exploded pressed down on their bodies. As the humans around reached for their weapons, Elaga roared.

[You, Igrelle! Now you show your true colors…!]

Is it going to attack the humans here? As soon as the question arose, Igrelle’s demonic energy, carried on its upright feathers, shot towards one place.

There was Alea’s golem. The very golem that had almost fully recovered after pouring in magic stones.

Crash!

The impact was similar to the one that had sent the golem crashing from the sky before. Igrelle’s feathers pierced through the golem, tearing it apart in seconds.

“What in the world!”

Alea quickly checked the golem’s condition.

Fortunately, Igrelle’s attack had barely missed the core, so the golem wasn’t completely destroyed.

It could be recovered if magical power was applied again.

Alea quickly measured the magic required for that.

‘If I repair the golem, I’ll barely have any magic stones left.’

Even if the golem is repaired, breaking through the weakened sacred barrier consumes enormous magical power.

It wasn’t impossible with their remaining magic stones, but it would be cutting it close.

‘But why did this demonic beast…?’

More importantly, Igrelle’s intention was the problem. It was incomprehensible why it suddenly acted like this. No matter how unpredictable and capricious it was, hadn’t Igrelle been cooperating obediently until now?

Even now, Igrelle was acting nonchalant while receiving the gazes pouring at it.

[Igrelle, you dare in my territory… Are you crazy enough to want to die?]

Elaga bared its teeth.

Demonic energy, incomparable to when Igrelle had exploded its demonic energy, spread from the white leopard as if pressing down on their entire bodies.

Igrelle calmly replied.

[Calm down, Elaga. You’re scaring the humans. I didn’t hurt anyone, did I?]

Indeed, all Igrelle had touched was the golem.

[It doesn’t matter! If you interfere any further, I’ll tear your wings off and make you look like Naho!]

However, Elaga, who was about to pounce, hesitated at Igrelle’s casually thrown words.

[Then it’ll be difficult to escape the barrier, won’t it?]

At those words, some people’s eyes wavered. Alea put her hand on Helmut’s shoulder to stop him as he reached for his sword.

Elaga seemed to realize something similar and frowned.

[You speak as if you can easily help them escape the barrier.]

Igrelle said confidently.

[That’s right, if I join you, breaking through the sacred barrier will be much easier than relying on that golem.]



H.F.C Chapter 297 (Part 1):

“So that was your scheme. No wonder.”

Sian muttered with a sigh.

It had seemed strange that Igrelle was cooperating so willingly, despite not appearing to have such a pleasant personality. It didn’t seem like it was just intimidated by Elaga, but to think it had such ulterior motives.

Igrelle had also heard Alea’s explanation about how to break through the barrier.

And according to that, it was entirely possible for Igrelle to break through the sacred barrier together with them. Igrelle had figured that out as well.

Asuka raised his voice.

“What nonsense are you talking about? How can we leave together with a demonic beast powerful enough to rule a region! It’s too dangerous.”

Surprisingly, Asuka was looking at the situation from the most altruistic perspective.

Igrelle was a demonic beast capable of destroying an entire country. It was far too dangerous to be allowed outside the control of the sacred barrier’s limited range.

No matter how strong holy power might be against demonic energy, Igrelle was a bird.

If Igrelle, who could freely fly through the skies beyond human reach, started moving against humans, it wouldn’t be easy for even the temple to deal with it.

The same was true for Helmut’s side. In other words, once Igrelle left the Forest of Roots, it would become an entity difficult to control.

Igrelle shook its head.

[I don’t eat humans. I only dream of freedom. A bird as large and fast as me has the right to freely roam the skies of this world!

Why should I have to be trapped here just because I was born in the Forest of Roots and am called a demonic beast? Tell me.]

Igrelle’s gaze held pure curiosity rather than resentment at having its freedom restricted.

The humans exchanged glances, unsure of how to respond. Because from their perspective, the reason was simple—danger. But that logic only applied from a human perspective.

In the meantime, Alea, who had finished thinking, calmly spoke up.

“Escaping the barrier would be a life-risking endeavor even for you, the ruler of the southern region.”

[But I’ve seen that child, Helmut, escape the Forest of Roots. I didn’t know if he’d succeed, but I was envious. That child had at least a small chance of making it.

That’s why Helmut was able to try. And succeeded.]

[If you were envious, you could have jumped into the barrier yourself.]

When Elaga responded indifferently, Igrelle snorted.

[Don’t be ridiculous, Elaga. I circled around the sacred barrier for a long time, but I knew. Even though I’m the ruler of the southern territory, if I had tried to pass through the barrier, my body would have turned to ashes instantly.]

[Well, if even I can’t cross it, how could you? At least you know your place.]

Igrelle didn’t flinch at Elaga’s provocation.

[That Helmut risked his life to leave the Forest of Roots, and I thought for a very long time about risking my life for something.

I’ve dreamed of escaping the Forest of Roots my entire life. This might be the only chance in my life. So I have to seize this opportunity. Even if I have to risk my life.]

[I knew you were crazy, but I didn’t realize you were a methodical kind of crazy. I should have kicked you out as soon as you entered my territory. So, what do you all think?]

Elaga asked, dismissing Igrelle’s determination as if it were absurd.

Unlike Igrelle, Elaga was content with life in the forest, befitting a leopard.

The thoughts of a flying beast and a land beast are different.

Moreover, unlike the idle Igrelle, Elaga had been living quite busily lately, raising Helmut and looking after Susan and Sarah.

‘Sure, I’d probably get a bit bored if they all disappeared, but whatever,’ Elaga thought.

Helmut, however, responded seriously.

“Elaga, let’s leave together.”

[…Huh? Why me?]

Slightly flustered, Elaga blinked. As if hearing something absurd. Sian, looking concerned, spoke up cautiously.

“Helmut, even if Elaga raised you, it’s still…”

The others also just looked at each other awkwardly, seemingly at a loss for words.

Hope rose in the expressions of Susan and Sarah, who had been living with Elaga all this time.

They had grown quite attached. To them, humans were more dangerous than Elaga.

But it wasn’t the same for the other humans. Elaga was a demonic beast that could be described as an uncontrollable being.

Moreover, Elaga was the strongest demonic beast in the Forest of Roots. If it went berserk, the damage would affect not just a country, but the entire world.

It might even reach a level that could bring about the extinction of humanity.

While Igrelle could at least be overwhelmed by numbers if confronted on the ground, Elaga was a demonic beast among demonic beasts who could easily subdue even Helmut.

No one thought anyone could stop it.

But that very logic was why Helmut had been cast into the Forest of Roots as an infant.

He was just a baby and had committed no crime. He simply possessed the Seed of Darkness.

Because of that, he was treated as a potential monster, destined to lose his mind one day and slaughter humans.

Even though he had saved the Grand Duke and Duchess of Renosa from a true beast, people still saw him as a threat.

No one had the right to confine Helmut—or Elaga—within the Forest of Roots just because they were strong.

If it’s natural that Elaga can’t leave the Forest of Roots because it’s strong, then it becomes natural that Helmut was exiled to the Forest of Roots.

It becomes natural what the people of Renosa did. It becomes natural that he was betrayed.

Helmut couldn’t accept that logic.



H.F.C Chapter 297 (Part 2):

Knowing this, everyone else remained silent, unsure how to respond.

[Did you hear yourself? Aren’t you misunderstanding something? I’m a demonic beast. The ruler of the central territory, no less! I’m an incredibly dangerous being to humans.]

Elaga boasted.

Elaga seemed like a carefree leopard, content with life in the Forest of Roots. Unlike Igrelle, Elaga showed no particular desire to leave. So this was Helmut’s selfish desire.

‘It can’t be helped. Elaga is the one I can trust the most.’

Alea might feel hurt to hear it, but to Helmut, Elaga was even more trustworthy than Alea.

Elaga had done everything it could for Helmut, who was just a baby, without any conditions since they first met.

Though its words and actions were rough, it was like the devotion of a parent caring for their child.

For Helmut, taking Elaga with him wasn’t just about necessity—it was personal. Elaga was his strongest and most trusted ally. With Elaga by his side, they would be a great force.

Moreover, wouldn’t this be virtually the only chance for Elaga to leave the Forest of Roots as well?

Elaga responded indifferently.

[What if I go out and start devouring humans left and right?]

“You won’t do that.”

Elaga tilted its head at Helmut’s rebuttal.

[How can you be so sure? Maybe once I’m out there, I’ll change my mind. The people here don’t look all that tasty.]

“You said it yourself, Elaga. That you let me out because I wanted to, but I came back broken. After seeing that, would you want to let me out again? What about Susan and Sarah, don’t you care about them?”

Elaga’s eyes wavered at those words.

‘Well, even if he’s become as strong as Kantara, Helmut still has his naive side. It wouldn’t be strange if he gets tricked again. Those two who are weaker than him don’t even need mentioning.

Hmm, this won’t do. Humans really are lacking creatures. I need to keep looking after them.’

Elaga was persuaded by Helmut’s logic. Before that, for some reason, even while listening to Helmut’s invitation, it didn’t feel like leaving and had been putting it off.

Even hearing Igrelle’s desire to leave hadn’t changed that.

Perhaps something caught in its instincts. Its demonic nature seemed to be telling Elaga to stay in the Forest of Roots.

But Helmut’s words were right. The word ‘care’ might be ridiculous for a demonic beast, but it could be replaced with another word.

Powerlessness.

But Helmut’s words struck a chord. The idea of being powerless—of not knowing what was happening to those Elaga cared for outside the forest—was unsettling.

That was not what Elaga wanted either.

[Fine, let’s go. As you said, I won’t eat humans once we’re out. But the temple or Renosa or whatever, that’s a different story. If they dare to attack me, then…]

Elaga raised its lips and growled fiercely.

[I’ll chew them up from head to toe.]

“Then it’s decided. Everyone here will leave together.”

Alea calmly concluded.

She had already discussed this with Helmut. While she hadn’t expected Igrelle to force its way into the plan, they had considered the possibility of Elaga joining them.

With Elaga by their side, they would have a tremendous advantage. Moreover, if Igrelle was coming along, they needed Elaga to keep it under control.

Because demonic beasts instinctively follow those stronger than them.

If Igrelle was leaving, Elaga absolutely had to come too. Since Igrelle had destroyed the golem, riding on Igrelle was also their best option.

That’s how they unexpectedly gained two more members.

The others accepted that conclusion without much comment anyway.

Igrelle complained, though not entirely seriously.

[Even Elaga is coming along! Are you telling me to carry that big leopard on my back? I’ll run out of strength and fall before we even break through the barrier! No, I’m not sure I can even take off. My wings will break before that!]

Elaga and Igrelle were similar in size. But their body weights were vastly different.

Birds are inherently light, and they’re used to snatching and flying with prey much smaller than themselves.

Alea spoke as if she had already thought about this.

“We’ll cast a weight reduction spell on Elaga. Please don’t resist the magic. It takes a lot of magical power to cast spells on you.”

[How light will I become?]

Elaga’s eyes shone with interest.

Alea replied.

“It might be too much to reduce you to the weight of one person, but we should be able to reduce you to about the weight of five people. Maintaining balance will be more important though.”

Being large, Elaga would take up a wide area on Igrelle’s back.

Moreover, Elaga alone weighed as much as dozens of humans.

It would have been impossible to lighten Elaga without Alea’s considerable magical prowess.

Igrelle continued grumbling.

[There are already seven, and now five more are being added? Oh my, to think I have to fly with that leopard on my back! Elaga, don’t dig your claws into my back!]

[Don’t be such a wimp. Who told you to be so small and weak?]

[Who are you calling weak! You fat leopard!]

[Fat… you say? Can’t you see how sleek and agile I am?]

As the two engaged in childish bickering, Sian raised his hand.

“And don’t forget, we have a spirit mage here. My wind spirits can help ease the load.”



H.F.C Chapter 298 (Part 1):

After looking back and forth between Igrelle and Elaga, Alea finished her calculations and said:

“It’s actually better that you two are joining forces. Rather than just trying to pass through the barrier as before, we are planning to create a temporary breach and slip through.”

Igrelle tilted its head with interest.

[You mean we’re going to break the sacred barrier, even if just for a moment?]

“The sacred barrier has a powerful regenerative ability stemming from its infinite source of power. So, the breach will only last for the briefest of moments. Igrelle, you’ll need to pass through the barrier with all your might at that time. There’s also a risk that you may lose all your demonic energy when you break through the barrier.”

[There’s no use trying to scare me. I’ve already made up my mind. Let that powerless leopard be the one who’s scared.]

Igrelle flapped its wings confidently. Elaga snorted.

[Who are you calling powerless? I’ll tear through that barrier without a problem.]

However, despite its bravado, a flicker of doubt briefly flashed in Elaga’s eyes.

“But even if you manage to break through,” Charlotte spoke up with a worried expression, “won’t you two, with your enormous size, cause chaos wherever you go?”

A bird and a leopard as big as houses. The bird might be hard to gauge in size while flying, but Elaga was the problem.

Elaga’s body size and the magical energy emanating from it. Even if it resided in a forest to avoid being spotted by humans, it would cause quite a commotion in the area.

In other words, all animals in the forest would not be able to withstand Elaga’s presence and would flee. Animals are more instinctive than humans.

That kind of disturbance would surely be noticeable. Not to mention, Elaga was not someone who could easily go unseen. Even if it posed no immediate threat, just seeing it would evoke fear and panic among humans.

No country would simply accept the presence of such a creature. Charlotte’s concerns were valid.

Alea shook her head.

“While the magic we can use is limited here, due to the demonic energy-dense atmosphere of the Forest of Roots, things will be different outside. Once we’re out, we can rely on two cooperative archmages.”

The demonic energy filling the Forest of Roots interferes with the use of magic. Unless one is a spirit mage like Sian who manifests power through spirits, one has no choice but to use simple and easy magic as much as possible.

But it’s a different story outside.

When they talked about Helmut and Elaga going out together, Alea had already thought that far ahead.

Alea retrieved the golem and pushed it into subspace. There was no choice but to repair it outside.

“Let’s not waste any more time. We should leave before the temple makes a move.”

A moment later, Elaga, who had a lightweight spell cast on it, lifted its front paw as if curious.

[Oh, my body feels light! So this is magic, huh? Amazing. I feel like I could leap into the sky.]

[And then come crashing down, squawking all the way.]

Igrelle mocked.

But even if it fell from that sky, Elaga’s body wouldn’t be hurt, and only a huge hole would be left in the forest. That’s how tremendous the power of Elaga’s demonic energy was.

“Now, once Elaga climbs onto Igrelle’s back…” Alea began.

[Ah, this is annoying. Why does this leopard have to come out, why can’t it just stay stuck here?]

[What are you whining about? Hurry up and offer your back before I dig my claws in.]

It was natural for Igrelle to feel uneasy about having to expose its defenseless back to a demonic beast stronger than itself.

But its will to leave was stronger.

As Alea suggested, Elaga climbed onto Igrelle’s back.

Igrelle’s eyes widened.

[Oh, you’re lighter than I thought. But Elaga, are you going to be able to stay up there?]

Igrelle had a point. While the weight wasn’t an issue, Elaga’s sheer size took up the entirety of Igrelle’s back.

Birds don’t always fly horizontally. When piercing through the center to go up, the body will tilt, and it would be difficult not to slide off without digging in claws to hold on.

Alea came up with a solution.

“We’ll need ropes. There’s no place for people to sit. People will have to ride on Elaga’s back.”

If the golem had been operational, the humans could have ridden in it while Elaga rode on Igrelle’s back, making things simpler. But thanks to the impulsive bird, they now had to improvise.

“We’ll need to find a rope suitable for such a task…”

Susan looked around with a bewildered expression.

But Alea had already come fully prepared when entering the Forest of Roots.

She immediately searched her subspace and pulled out a long rope with reinforcement magic cast on it. It was as thick as a thumb and forefinger pressed together.

“It may be uncomfortable, but please bear with it.”



H.F.C Chapter 298 (Part 2):

Elaga stepped down, and Alea, along with Helmut, wove and installed the rope on Igrelle’s back.

The rope wasn’t meant to tie Elaga and Igrelle together.

It was to tie knots so as not to slip off Igrelle’s back, like a saddle, so to speak.

Igrelle immediately grumbled.

[Ugh, this feels tight. What is this?]

[You look quite good. Like a human’s mount. Since you’re so eager to leave, you’ll have to put up with it.]

However, when Helmut and Alea approached it with ropes, Elaga, who had been sneering, made an expression as if thinking ‘surely not’.

“In order for everyone to stay safe up there, we’ll need a harness on Elaga as well. The wind is strong up in the sky, you know.”

At Helmut’s words, Elaga frowned intensely.

[Get that away! I’m not some human’s mount! To try to put such a thing on me, the strongest in the Forest of Roots!]

“What if Susan and Sarah fall off?”

[Even so, I— Wait, why do you keep bringing those two up?]

Elaga was strongly opposing, seemingly hurt in its pride. At that moment, Sarah poked her head out from the side. The girl’s eyes sparkled brightly.

“Elaga. Sarah thinks it would be really reassuring to cling tightly to Elaga’s back. I really want to leave together with Elaga, can’t you bear with it just a little?”

[Uh, um? Is that so? Well, if that’s the case…]

Elaga reluctantly nodded. Unlike with Helmut, it was weak to Sarah, who had been cute and lively, truly child-like since she was young.

While Elaga quieted down like that, Helmut and Alea installed the saddle on its back as well.

The preparations ended quickly.

Elaga would climb onto Igrelle’s back, then the rest would climb onto Elaga’s back.

Igrelle was already big, but with Elaga taking position and standing on top, it looked like a towering hill. The swordsmen had no problem, but the rest were an issue.

“It feels just like mountain climbing.”

Sian grumbled as he barely managed to climb up to Elaga’s back.

To save even a little magical power, he climbed up with just his bare body. Charlotte, who had already lightly jumped up and was standing there, grabbed his wrist and pulled him up.

“Be careful, Senior Sian.”

“Ah, thanks.”

When Sian spoke bashfully, Asuka, for some reason, took issue with the situation and began to pick a fight.

“Pathetic, with such a frail body, could you properly escape if your house caught on fire?”

“If there’s a fire, I’d just put it out. I’m a mage, you know. What else would I use my water spirits for?”

“You’re the type to collapse clutching your throat and coughing even at a little smoke.”

When Asuka fiercely picked a fight as if his foot had been stepped on, Sian’s eyes narrowed. He could guess why he was acting like this.

“Are you jealous bec—”

Before Sian could finish his words, a cold voice flew from Alea, who had climbed up holding Helmut’s hand.

“You two, stop quarreling noisily and just take your seats. Sian, you know where your position is without me telling you, right?”

“Got it.”

Sian, after quickly scanning Elaga’s back, sat down at the very back seat.

This was in case something happened in the sky, to be able to rescue anyone who might be blown away by the wind.

Asuka and Charlotte sat side by side in front of him. Charlotte looked at Asuka and asked.

“Did I do something wrong? Why did you argue?”

At her worried expression, Asuka gradually avoided her gaze.

“It’s nothing. It’s not like we haven’t fought before. Just focus on what’s ahead. This is the final hurdle.”

“Yes, I understand.”

Charlotte nodded and sat up straight. Although she hadn’t wished to face great danger, from Charlotte’s perspective, this Forest of Roots adventure had been far too uneventful.

Susan and Sarah sat side by side in front of them. Susan watched over Sarah’s seat and cautioned:

“Sarah, hold on tight. Don’t do anything dangerous.”

“We’re going to fly out of the forest like this? Wow!”

Sarah was purely delighted, as if she had never cried about losing a friend (Pomi XD). With Helmut and Alea taking their seats, the departure preparations were complete. All personnel were on board.

Seven humans on top of Elaga. There was no bird on earth that could fly carrying this many people except in the Forest of Roots.

.

Igrelle, who had been crouching and waiting for all the luggage to be loaded, slowly stretched its legs.

[It’s heavy. This is the first time I’ve flown with such a heavy back.]

It was a flight that only a demonic beast could manage. Alea spoke calmly.

“The wind spirits will help lift your body. Please depart when you’re ready.”

[If we’re in a hurry, let’s not waste any more time.]

And Igrelle began to flap its wings.

The strong wind arising from its wing beats filled with demonic energy shook all the surrounding trees. It was as if a typhoon was occurring around it.

The giant bird that had taken off after a slightly longer time than usual began to fly.

The wind spirits formed an air current from below, pulling Igrelle upwards.

Empowered, Igrelle shot up into the air as if sliding. Its demonic energy subdued the surrounding atmosphere, creating a vacuum in the center to enable smooth flight.

The scenery below gradually receded. The vast ashen forest.

Everyone looked down at the receding Forest of Roots. It was especially emotional for Helmut, Susan, and Sarah.

How long had they spent in this perilous place? But they would never set foot on that ground below again.

The ground was getting farther away, and the sky was getting closer.

Then at some point,

[Grrrrr…]

Elaga’s back, which had let out a groan, shuddered. Everyone riding on top felt the vibration that occurred in Elaga’s body.

“What’s happening?”

At Alea’s question, Helmut also showed a puzzled look.

“Is it because we’re getting close to the barrier?”

The force of holy power was gradually extending from above. Though not as intense as the barrier in other directions, its effect was still valid.

[Don’t tell me you need to pee?]

Igrelle showed an anxious look.

The thought of this huge leopard peeing on its beautiful feathers was horrifying just to imagine.

However, there was no answer from Elaga.